Flood-tide below me! I see you face to face!
Clouds of the west—sun there half an hour high—I see you also face to face.

Crowds of men and women attired in the usual costumes, how curious you are to me!
On the ferry-boats the hundreds and hundreds that cross, returning home, are more curious to me than you suppose,
And you that shall cross from shore to shore years hence are more to me, and more in my meditations, than you might suppose.
The impalpable sustenance of me from all things at all hours of the day,
The simple, compact, well-join’d scheme, myself disintegrated, every one disintegrated yet part of the scheme,
The similitudes of the past and those of the future,
The glories strung like beads on my smallest sights and hearings, on the walk in the street and the passage over the river,
The current rushing so swiftly and swimming with me far away,
The others that are to follow me, the ties between me and them,
The certainty of others, the life, love, sight, hearing of others.

Others will enter the gates of the ferry and cross from shore to shore,
Others will watch the run of the flood-tide,
Others will see the shipping of Manhattan north and west, and the heights of Brooklyn to the south and east,
Others will see the islands large and small;
Fifty years hence, others will see them as they cross, the sun half an hour high,
A hundred years hence, or ever so many hundred years hence, others will see them,
Will enjoy the sunset, the pouring-in of the flood-tide, the falling-back to the sea of the ebb-tide.
It avails not, time nor place—distance avails not,
I am with you, you men and women of a generation, or ever so many generations hence,
Just as you feel when you look on the river and sky, so I felt,
Just as any of you is one of a living crowd, I was one of a crowd,
Just as you are refresh’d by the gladness of the river and the bright flow, I was refresh’d,
Just as you stand and lean on the rail, yet hurry with the swift current, I stood yet was hurried,
Just as you look on the numberless masts of ships and the thick-stemm’d pipes of steamboats, I look’d.

I too many and many a time cross’d the river of old,
Watched the Twelfth-month sea-gulls, saw them high in the air floating with motionless wings, oscillating their bodies,
Saw how the glistening yellow lit up parts of their bodies and left the rest in strong shadow,
Saw the slow-wheeling circles and the gradual edging toward the south,
Saw the reflection of the summer sky in the water,
Had my eyes dazzled by the shimmering track of beams,
Look’d at the fine centrifugal spokes of light round the shape of my head in the sunlit water,
Look’d on the haze on the hills southward and south-westward,
Look’d on the vapor as it flew in fleeces tinged with violet,
Look’d toward the lower bay to notice the vessels arriving,
Saw their approach, saw aboard those that were near me,
Saw the white sails of schooners and sloops, saw the ships at anchor,
The sailors at work in the rigging or out astride the spars,
The round masts, the swinging motion of the hulls, the slender serpentine pennants,
The large and small steamers in motion, the pilots in their pilot-houses,
The white wake left by the passage, the quick tremulous whirl of the wheels,
The flags of all nations, the falling of them at sunset,
The scallop-edged waves in the twilight, the ladled cups, the frolicsome crests and glistening,
The stretch afar growing dimmer and dimmer, the gray walls of the granite storehouses by the docks,
On the river the shadowy group, the big steam-tug closely flank’d on each side by the barges, the hay-boat, the belated lighter,
On the neighboring shore the fires from the foundry chimneys burning high and glaringly into the night,
Casting their flicker of black contrasted with wild red and yellow light over the tops of houses, and down into the clefts of streets.
These and all else were to me the same as they are to you,
I loved well those cities, loved well the stately and rapid river,
The men and women I saw were all near to me,
Others the same—others who look back on me because I look’d forward to them,
(The time will come, though I stop here to-day and to-night.)
What is it then between us?
What is the count of the scores or hundreds of years between us?

Whatever it is, it avails not—distance avails not, and place avails not,
I too lived, Brooklyn of ample hills was mine,
I too walk’d the streets of Manhattan island, and bathed in the waters around it,
I too felt the curious abrupt questionings stir within me,
In the day among crowds of people sometimes they came upon me,
In my walks home late at night or as I lay in my bed they came upon me,
I too had been struck from the float forever held in solution,
I too had receiv’d identity by my body,
That I was I knew was of my body, and what I should be I knew I should be of my body.It is not upon you alone the dark patches fall,
The dark threw its patches down upon me also,
The best I had done seem’d to me blank and suspicious,
My great thoughts as I supposed them, were they not in reality meagre?
Nor is it you alone who know what it is to be evil,
I am he who knew what it was to be evil,
I too knitted the old knot of contrariety,
Blabb’d, blush’d, resented, lied, stole, grudg’d,
Had guile, anger, lust, hot wishes I dared not speak,
Was wayward, vain, greedy, shallow, sly, cowardly, malignant,
The wolf, the snake, the hog, not wanting in me,
The cheating look, the frivolous word, the adulterous wish, not wanting,
Refusals, hates, postponements, meanness, laziness, none of these wanting,
Was one with the rest, the days and haps of the rest,
Was call’d by my nighest name by clear loud voices of young men as they saw me approaching or passing,
Felt their arms on my neck as I stood, or the negligent leaning of their flesh against me as I sat,
Saw many I loved in the street or ferry-boat or public assembly, yet never told them a word,
Lived the same life with the rest, the same old laughing, gnawing, sleeping,

Play’d the part that still looks back on the actor or actress,
The same old role, the role that is what we make it, as great as we like,
Or as small as we like, or both great and small.
Closer yet I approach you,
What thought you have of me now, I had as much of you—I laid in my stores in advance,
I consider’d long and seriously of you before you were born.

Who was to know what should come home to me?
Who knows but I am enjoying this?
Who knows, for all the distance, but I am as good as looking at you now, for all you cannot see me?
Ah, what can ever be more stately and admirable to me than mast-hemm’d Manhattan?
River and sunset and scallop-edg’d waves of flood-tide?
The sea-gulls oscillating their bodies, the hay-boat in the twilight, and the belated lighter?

What gods can exceed these that clasp me by the hand, and with voices I love call me promptly and loudly by my nighest name as I approach?
What is more subtle than this which ties me to the woman or man that looks in my face?
Which fuses me into you now, and pours my meaning into you?

We understand then do we not?
What I promis’d without mentioning it, have you not accepted?
What the study could not teach—what the preaching could not accomplish is accomplish’d, is it not?
Flow on, river! flow with the flood-tide, and ebb with the ebb-tide!
Frolic on, crested and scallop-edg’d waves!
Gorgeous clouds of the sunset! drench with your splendor me, or the men and women generations after me!
Cross from shore to shore, countless crowds of passengers!
Stand up, tall masts of Mannahatta! stand up, beautiful hills of Brooklyn!
Throb, baffled and curious brain! throw out questions and answers!
Suspend here and everywhere, eternal float of solution!
Gaze, loving and thirsting eyes, in the house or street or public assembly!

Sound out, voices of young men! loudly and musically call me by my nighest name!
Live, old life! play the part that looks back on the actor or actress!
Play the old role, the role that is great or small according as one makes it!
Consider, you who peruse me, whether I may not in unknown ways be looking upon you;
Be firm, rail over the river, to support those who lean idly, yet haste with the hasting current;
Fly on, sea-birds! fly sideways, or wheel in large circles high in the air;
Receive the summer sky, you water, and faithfully hold it till all downcast eyes have time to take it from you!
Diverge, fine spokes of light, from the shape of my head, or any one’s head, in the sunlit water!
Come on, ships from the lower bay! pass up or down, white-sail’d schooners, sloops, lighters!
Flaunt away, flags of all nations! be duly lower’d at sunset!
Burn high your fires, foundry chimneys! cast black shadows at nightfall! cast red and yellow light over the tops of the houses!

Appearances, now or henceforth, indicate what you are,
You necessary film, continue to envelop the soul,
About my body for me, and your body for you, be hung out divinest aromas,
Thrive, cities—bring your freight, bring your shows, ample and sufficient rivers,
Expand, being than which none else is perhaps more spiritual,
Keep your places, objects than which none else is more lasting.

You have waited, you always wait, you dumb, beautiful ministers,
We receive you with free sense at last, and are insatiate henceforward,
Not you any more shall be able to foil us, or withhold yourselves from us,
We use you, and do not cast you aside—we plant you permanently within us,
We fathom you not—we love you—there is perfection in you also,
You furnish your parts toward eternity,
Great or small, you furnish your parts toward the soul.
i'm going to go lay on a thing in the lake
i spent most of my day trying to figure out if an OP on r/nosleep is dead or not
i went outside for a half hour and got sunburnt
everything in washington is perfect and i’m never leavingvacations are the best!!!
coffee on the porch in the SUNSHINE IN WASHINGTON
shower
watch soccer at the Berliner
do nothing because i’m on vacationlists
incoherent lists but lists

my entire body aches and i’m only 1 day into my 3 doubles in a row weekend
i think you’re confusing love with obsession and ridiculous fantasies about who you think i am. you’ve built me up in your mind and you’re claiming it is love, but you don’t love me, you love your idea of me.
i’ve finally figured out what i want my next tattoo to be and i’m very excited
i’m slowly starting to let go of the fact that you will always go out of your way to hurt me, and i think that’s the first stepeveryone
TODAY I WANT TO HIT EVERYONE FOR BEING FREAKIN STUPIDTHE STARS
they're so nice
tonight is the best nightthat's my whole life
i’m so sick that my skin hurts
i’ve been listening to the new alt j song for an hour because its perfect
that’s itI hate everyone
Tonight a guest yelled at me for fifteen minutes and I burst into tears at the end of it and it was so much funi really love my friends
remember
You know what’s really nice? People who are genuinely excited to see you and sad when you have to leave.i'm going to have so much money to spend in seattle omg
payday is the best day.why is this happening?!
I’ve worked for like 100 years the past two days and I have to work for 100 more years in the next two days and I AM NOT TIRED WHAT IS THISthe struggle is real
I want to go to sleep but I also only have 100 more pages of 1Q84 uuuuhhhhggggEVERYTHING IS SO GOOD
mac and cheese & hard cider
bought 2 weeks worth of groceries for less than 20 bucks
puppy cuddles are the best cuddles
acquired new skill of opening bottles with a lighter
so happy i don’t know what to do with myselfthis was probably one of my best birthdays
i got to see most of my favorite people today and it was perfect
my siblings are so sweet and i adore them
my heart is so full and i am so grateful for it
i’m a very happy girlsleep now sweet mia
the dog found a dead rabbit on our walk tonight and it was the most traumatizing thing i’ve ever experienced 
i really hate fighting with you but i also really hate feeling like shit because you assume 10000% too much about me 
i am really dreading going to work tomorrow because 1. it’s a double & 2. i have to close
its okay though because saturday is my birthday and i ain’t gotta do shit on saturdaysigh
go to bed

its 2:30 and i’m still awake
i wish i could tell you all the ways i’ve changed without fear of what you’ll think of me now. i think that’s honestly why i’ve been so distant, i’m afraid you’ll dislike who i am now. i fear you only love what you remember of me.
this guy at work makes me feel like a piece of meat and i fucking hate it. i have like, zero confidence in myself, and the fact that he can sit there and talk to me like i’m some play thing instead of a human being makes feel even worse.
i wish i could make myself care less about you, but i just can’t. i kinda hate that. i think i deserve better.
being an adult is really stressful and i just wish i had someone i could ask for help sometimes. like if i need money or help figuring out loan things or help just figuring out life. i just wish i had someone to help me out of the hole i’ve unknowingly dug.who are these people i live with???
roommate
tyler just came into my room and handed me this cup full of hot pink liquid and said “i made cocktails!” and walked away.lol
roommate
our couches have change and weed in them apparently
"You find a lighter, I’ll check the couch for loose pot"gotta get in shape before taylor comes back and kicks my ass at the gym
weeeeeeooooo i love summer
yoga
run at cheeseman
shower
work
sleep
repeatwoe is me
My goal is always to out creep the creeps on the bus but after a 10 hour day I’m way too tired for these shenanigans.whoops
I'm very drunk
I accidentally drank half a bottle of wine after workfinally
i have some really good people in my life
ben might be coming to visit in july and go to devotchka
i get to take aaron to his first red rocks show and i’m excited
tomorrow morning i get to see my best friend for the first time since christmas
things are lookin’ up for this kidbut alas all i have is Dr House
and he's enough for me
people who think age is important are irritating
people who are horrible to their bodies because they lack a basic understanding of nutrition and basic biology are irritating
ITS SUMMER NOW THOUGH
i want someone to come rub my back
and feed me pizza and swedish fishcrying forever
My anatomy final was 175 questions Jesus you should never have to use two scantrons for anythingyou don't need a bra to fail a final
I didn’t even put on a bra to go to school today I am at a new level of not caringi'm so done

i really can’t handle how absolutely awful i am at every single thing in my life. bad at school, bad at human interaction and relationships, bad at telling people how i feel, bad at having feelings, bad at talking, bad at holding my tongue, bad at not just shutting the fuck up and pretending everything is sunshine and rainbows all the time. you know what i am good at though? crying myself to sleep. pro status.people infuriate me
i literally don’t know how you expect me to give a fuck about you when you so blatantly don’t give a fuck about me.bleh

nothing is more fun than trying to choke back tears all through dinner so that none of you know how awful you make me feel all the time.can it just be summer already?
finish nutrition paper
shower
nutrition
last day of lab before practical
nap
photo things with bailey
beer & mexican foodtoday's shaping up to be great
and its only 7
peanut butter toast + strawberries + applesauce 
FREE YOGA WITH MY FAVORITE LADY
work
sleep sleep sleephi i'm mia and i'm a giant introverted baby
all i want to do tomorrow is sit in my room alone and be quiet and it bums me out that it isn’t going to happen.I WILL BE SO PRODUCTIVE TODAY
drink lots of green tea & do lots of yoga
laundry
study the respiratory & circulatory systems
workREMEMBER
QUIT WORRYING YOUR PRETTY LITTLE HEAD

hey loser stop freaking out about your future because there are A+ people in your life who love you to the moon and will take care of you regardless of how weak and dumb you think asking for help is.that's all
i just want somebody to bring me pizza and play with my hairBUT NOOOOOOOOO
i have to go to school and feel stupid all the time
i just want it to be summer so i can go camping and climb mountains and play with the dog all the time.no
don't talk to me like you know everything
its condescending
and irritating because i do whatever the fuck i want

"that’s just how i talk" really? you just talk like you’re the supreme being who everyone must listen to because you’re so ~*wise*~?i mean whatever it just means i'll get 10000000% in anatomy next semester
just bummed about it
its so incredibly depressing to do the math and realize that there’s no possible way for me to pass this class.like this has actually ruined my plans for the next two years
college is getting in the way of other college and its really upsetting to me.RAAAAAAAAGE
IF I PAY CLOSE TO 10,000 BUCKS A YEAR TO ATTEND YOUR STUPID UNIVERSITY THE LEAST YOU COULD DO IS HAVE WIFI THAT ACTUALLY WORKSsleep now
forever
i have perfected my bedtime yoga sequence
tomorrow will be better if for no other reason than i get to hang out with the boy and kiss his dumb face
tomorrow will also be better because its payday 
making meaningless lists helps me feel less crazyi just need a hug or something
or sleep
i have too many thoughts and feelings and i think that its probably going to be what kills me someday.someone punch me in the face i'm probably being hysterical
too skeptical, too introspective, too everything.blah
i should sleep

there’s a lot of things i’m just not sure about at this point, and you’re one of them. trust is a weird thing.there's a 90% chance i will not return to colorado
planning my trip to washington/oregon this summer and i’m basically in tears i’m so excited.sorry not sorry
i've had enough of your shit
you would think that by now i would have learned that arguing with my family on facebook about their horrible political views gets me nowhere but alas, here i am again.fuck

it is 2am and i am crying alone in the dark about my future because i sincerely don’t think i’m smart enough or motivated enough or capable enough or just…enough for this.my life is so hard
i have to study so much for anatomy and all i want to do is kiss boysjust no
its wildly inconvenient that i appear to be related to all of them
i don’t understand women who don’t believe in feminism. what are you doing? are you living in a completely different world or something?can't wait to not live with you anymore
if you have to say the sentence “i’ve decided i’m not racist it’s just…” then you’re a racist asshole and i’m sorry i know you.i am v upset right now
like how is it actually possible for my sinuses to create this much snot??????UHG
go to bed mia
i need to sleep but i am 10000000% too angry at the fact that boys are super stupidbye
nyquil is my best friend
i like kissing you a lot
its funny to me how things just work out
i’m trying hard to be really nice to you even though you’re a selfish asshole
i would like to sleep for 10 yearsso sexy
i’m at my prime when i’m sick; i just woke up from a nap with a cough drop stuck in my hair.sohornywhyisthishappeningpleasestop
uuuuhhhhhhgggggi dont know how to pay for any of this
you know what’s super cool? getting over $2,000 worth of medical bills in the mail.it hurts
everywhere
but this bacon is delicious so its fine
note to self: do not cook bacon wearing just your underwear.sometimes i don't understand how these things work
sleep now
just reread my horoscope for march and it seriously is weird to me how spot on it seems to be, like to the exact date.this week was supes long
today was successful
cleaned my room
paid my rent
did laundry
got my nipples pierced
now i’m going to go to sleep and dieis that so much to ask??
Here’s to hoping for a 90000% curve on that testjust being a sap don't mind me

my mom just sent me a bunch of pictures of my siblings and it just makes my heart so happy to have four beautiful little people to love and spoil. like sometimes i physically can’t handle how much love i have for those kids.i'm in such a weird mood tonight

it is so incredibly upsetting to me when people tell me some bullshit sob story about how hard their lives are but make zero effort to try to better themselves or their situation.sure learn 12 chapters of stuff two days before the midterm
you're killing it
Why is anatomy so hard and why am I so dumb?new boots & a new coat & new goggles
mostly stoked for these boots
REMEMBER: DON’T LOOK AT GEAR ONLINE BECAUSE YOU WILL BUY A LOT OF GEAR.SO  GOOD
real excited for a weekend in the mountains with my favorite people and lots of beer. everything is so good.i think i need to sleep now
forever
what an incredibly strange night its been
just wish i could stopwho knew my room was this giant??
i just reorganized all the furniture in my room for optimum floor space and now i can do yoga for daaaaaays.new jobs make me realize how bad my old job was. so happy :)and i have new job anxiety
that's probably why i stayed in bed all day
i had good intentions to be productive today but then i stayed in bed until 2 pm a memoir by mia engelgot nothing to looooose
Because swearing at asshole customers is just what you do on your last day at StarbucksOH MY GOD GOING TO OREGON THIS SUMMER TO GET TATTOOED BY ALICE  CARRIER I AM CRYINGcan't

i had a dream about you that caused me to wake up in a panic and frantically reach for you on the other side of my bed. you weren’t there. you never are. you never will be. i just…things I'll miss about Starsucks
Patrick Roy
Patrick Roy and I are like besties for the resties. He just tipped 50 bucks and told me I was his favorite barista in Denver :)UHG
WHY WOULD I WAIT UNTIL TODAY TO START A RESEARCH PAPER WORTH HALF MY GRADE THAT IS DUE TODAY? LIKE WHY? WHY MIA? WHY ARE YOU SO DUMB?but only ever at 1am
sometimes everything just really hurts.please god send me a boyfriend
to be my buffer for creeps
and also to be my big spoon
uhg i misssss you
its hilarious to me the sort of script that boys use to try to get in my pants. like its almost word for word the same every single time.remember this
My momma drove all the way to the city just to bring me some of her homemade green chile at work :’) sometimes she’s really wonderfuli guess i'm not actually surviving today
just long enough to get through the A+ parts of it
how i’m going to survive today:
eat this bagel & drink this entire french press o coffee
go to school early and sit in the hall with all the smart kids and study before class
KICK ALL THE ASS ON MY PRACTICAL BECAUSE I KNOW MUSCLES AND SHIT
sleep for 100 years
actually only sleep for like 2 hours because thai food and wes anderson is happening tonight
die
actually die
this week has been so long and i’m going to die.sucks to suck
I have so much anxiety about my practical tomorrow that is causing me to not sleep which is causing me more anxiety about my practical tomorrow oh my goodness this is a vicious cycle that is probably going to result in me dying in a puddle of anxietylife's rough
my head hurts, i want someone to spoon me, i have about 90 more origins/insertions/actions to learn before my practical tomorrow, and all i have motivation to do is take off my pants and go to sleep.life is A+

today was really good. everything is really good. i’m just really excited about so many things.he won't win because he refuses to stare at my boobs
this kid is my actual brother
roommates
update: aaron said “i could have won by now, the problem is that in order to make it i have to stare”.roommates
the boys are currently sitting across the room trying to get reeces wrappers down my shirt.so happy
IN A COUPLE OF WEEKS I WILL BE RID OF STARBUCKS FOR THE REST OF MY LIFE!!!sucks to suck
Things I hate about living in cap hill: there’s no street lights and there’s really uneven cobblestone sidewalks. I’ve almost tripped on my face like seven timesi seriously might just be leaving forever
which is A+
my aunt and uncle keep teasing the idea that i’m going to go out to washington this summer and that they’re never going to let me leave and i am 1000000% okay with it.you're so intelligent and you can't figure out how to vending machine????
currently watching my lab ta struggle to swipe his credit card at the vending machine.i'm too anxious
AND excited for breakfast tomorrow
i’m never going to sleep.looking at YOU buuuhhhhreaaannn
just good things
today patrick roy came through the drive thru and nonchalantly talked to me about hockey players like i was best friends with them for a few minutes. it was pretty cool.
today someone ordered a grande dark roast but insisted that i replace the water with espresso because “who wants coffee with water in it?”. i just…
i have some of the most amazing people in my life and i’m just so happy about all that love.
on that note, breakfast tomorrow will be amazing.WOULDNT THAT BE COOL
i was doing so well getting over you
and then you opened your stupid mouth

it’d be cool if i could time travel and go back to before we talked and before i wanted to curl into a ball and die all the time again.CANT MAKE LATTES WITH FROZEN MILK
for about 98% of my shift today every single gallon of milk in the store was frozen which made 98% of my day the actual worst it could be.literally every single bit of it has been weird
today is the weirdest day.uhg

every time i buy a ticket to Seattle i really contemplate not buying a ticket back to Denver
its always surprising to me when i’m catching up with someone and tell them all about all the crap i’m constantly doing and they’re impressed. is no one else working as hard as i am? is no one else aware that this is how you get to where you want to be going?
i sometimes can’t believe that i share DNA with someone who is so unbelievably insensitive and uncaring
if i’m doing my math right i can apply to nursing schools for the spring semester of 2015 and that makes me want to explode of excitement. 
i am however, more unmotivated than ever and i think it’s because i don’t have anyone to push me anymore. that’s something i really miss.still handsome but come on
My lab ta shaved his beard and I think I am actually emotionally traumatizedmy day
goodnight

i got a bunch of new underwear today because i’m too lazy to do laundry & it was all very cheap & very cute.
i wrote you today, but i couldn’t bring myself to send it. partly because i don’t know how you would respond and partly because i don’t know if i could handle your response. 
a bunch of regulars were super excited to see me tonight since i haven’t been closing the last few weeks and thus haven’t seen them and that was nice. they tipped super well because i was there. 
i got over 100% on my lab practical and i’m over the moon about it. 
i’m getting better at voicing what i want and although that tends to step on a lot of people’s toes i just don’t care. i need to care more about my happiness and comfort than other people’s. 
i’m very excited about tomorrow mostly because breakfast is going to be amazing.seriously i need a new job real bad
days like today make me think that moving in with my parents and living rent free would be worth it if it meant i didn’t have to work at Starbucks anymore.i miss you
i hate the people i'm related to
i just want to curl up with you and cry for a really long time
I JUST DONT KNOW ANYMORETONIGHT IS SO GOOD
arrested development
sour diesel
amazing fish tacos
best friendsexcept for this obnoxious kid who was an idiot
BUT DEAD BODIES!!!!!
dead bodies for the REST OF THE SEMESTER
we got to play with dead bodies in lab today and it was A+why can't that be a thing?
sometimes i forget that you'll eventually read this
whoops
basically i want to wake up in the morning and not think about you all damn dayi'm going to kick all the ass
ALL OF IT
i have seriously never been more ready for a test than i am for my anatomy practical right now.good things are good
i have very wonderful roommates who stay up very late with me and let me teach them about bones so that i can do well on practicals i have tomorrow and i am just so grateful for them.too much missing
the boys and i are making burgers and fries for dinner and are currently watching horgasm: a love story and i’m teaching them about snowboarding and then we’re going to watch the walking dead and i just really wish you were here.what is happening
There is like a 9 year old kid in my nutrition class who is just rearranging the desks and chairs and everyone is just letting him do it I am so confusedand that makes me sadder than anything
kill me now good day
i’m so tired of school already and i hate my job and i miss you a lot and i just want to curl up in bed and listen to your weird heartbeat AND I CANTgoing to explode
going to landmark tomorrow to talk to them about my tattoo IM SO STOKED.HERMIT 4 LYF
SOME CRAZY GUY STABBED A GIRL IN THE ALLEY BEHIND MY APARTMENT AND NOW I AM NEVER LEAVING MY HOUSE AGAINi do not like this
but really, what the hell are you doing?today will be nice
yoga
class
pablo’s with bailey
commit everything from the first 12 chapters of anatomy into my long term memoryi'll just wake up real early and do it all tomorrow
probably not though
i have so much homework/studying to do and instead i’m going to go to sleep because life is TOO MUCHyou're right
cutting hair is totally the same as medicine
This obnoxious girl I work with is trying to convince me that the cosmetology school she went to was just as competitive and difficult as trying to get into nursing school and it’s really hard to not punch her in the throat oh my godman the fuck up mia

everything hurts so bad. like my entire body is literally mourning your absence again and its stupid. i should be better than this.i'm going to die of excited for this tattoo
weeeeeee finding so many pictures of shoulder caps that are making me SO EXCITED to get my shoulder cap in the next couple of months.off to a good start
drink a gallon of coffee
watch my TA’s youtube videos & study for anatomy
die because my brain can’t handle all the anatomysomeone hire me to be their personal barista
I have this really disgusting rash all over my arms/hands from the dish soap we use at work. My body is literally rejecting working at Starbucks I think I need to find a new jobi am freaking the math out
crying tears of joy im getting 1700 bucks for my tax return oh my god think of ALL THE BIKES AND TATTOOS AND BOOKS I CAN BUYuhg

i’ve decided to use my tax return to get a new tattoo
i really miss you today for absolutely no reason 
i’m finally learning to be comfortable and content with just me
i have been trying to convince myself to go buy stamps to mail my rent for like an hour 
today is weirdWHOOPS
might be the only person in the city of denver that just doesn’t care at all about the broncos.well I know a lot of women so I have authority to speak on this subject
NO
All of the men I’m related to are currently talking about how they don’t believe the wage gap between men & women exists and it’s making me want to screamwhoops
ITS FOR SCIENCE
i’ve been seriously looking for a human skull on the internet for hours and i’ve yet to find one that meets my standards so i think i’m just going to have to murder someone.goodnight
i need a human skull and a glass of wine.please help
i can't learn anatomy with his face being so cute
well no that's not true
my lab ta is so cute i want to cryisn't that weird
hanging out with paisley in the hospital waiting room for the arrival of baby sister number 3.because i don't care anymore
i do what i waaaaaaaaant
i’m p sure the next time i get a haircut i’m going to cut off all my hair and look like a boy for awhile.MY PARENTS CAN BE REAL ASSHOLES SOMETIMES
also i get that its probably uncomfortable for you to have to explain to people that you have 5 kids spanning from the ages of 19 to unborn but please don’t tell people you only have 4 and that the oldest is going to be 5 soon IN FRONT OF MY FACE I CAN HEAR YOU SAY THAT IM NOT A CHILD OF YOURS.i'm really tired of being sad and shit all the time

remember last year when we got in that big fight and i was sobbing in my dorm not knowing what to do because you wouldn’t answer your phone and you kept talking about dying and t drove me to your apartment and i sat in the hallway trying to convince you to let me in and to not do it and i cried and cried and cried and i tried so hard to save your life because you meant the world to me and i remember leaving your apartment and t asking me if i felt like i did good by you and i said i didn’t know because i honestly didn’t but i don’t think i ever did much good for you and i’m sorry about that and it sucks that you’re not around anymore because i miss you. i tried to save you and i inevitably lost you anyways. jesus christ the amount of people i miss right now just makes me want to throw up.especially that boy at pablo's
i will go out with him soon
today has been full of handsome men teaching me science and its been gloriousor whole for a whole day
please help im broken
ahahahauauahfuhsguuuuuhghhg my insides hurt you really just make my skin crawl all i want to do is not be sick anymore and also for someone to be the big spoon and to maybe be normal for like a whole dayim really stoked for anatomy but lets be real here
"many students find that they need to spend 20+ hours a week studying for this course" lol nope.i'm the worst
i have school in the morning and i haven’t bought any of my books and i’m not even sure what time i have class and just wow starting off the semester right mia, good job 10/10but really
i feel like i'm the only person in the state who doesn't care
2 hip 4 footballbut only ever this late
i just want to cuddle
its 2:40 am aaaaaaaaaaaaand i miss youI AM VERY EXCITED ABOUT TODAY GOODBYE
go to boulder
find some good rails
ride the shit out of those railsi love bikes too much
is that even real?
i’m buying a bike from one of my coworkers and i’m just really too excited about it.thats all

its just nice finally being able to admit that i know i deserve more.things i wouldn't expect

just the weirdest things bring about immense sadness.boys are weird
What a weird nightand it makes me want to die

the end of every day always brings me back to youbaby steps
or something

these past few days i’ve actually been really happy and just content with the way things are and i’m very excited about that.need to be at work soon
kill me
Team no sleepain't no party like a cat lady party
Curled up watching hockey with my cat. I’m living the dream today.i need to go into witness protection
i accidentally slap bet my roommate and lost and now i will forever live in fear of the slap.help me
i never am productive
i don't know what's happening
i went for a run, did laundry, deposited my check, paid my rent and showered and now i have all this free time i don’t know what to do with.i seriously love them so much
such a good family dinner
so good to be back home with my boys.i need to break my face or something
"I had a huge crush on you in high school" cool I wanted to punch you in the face in high school please go awayand now I'm really drunk
and very excited about 2014
I spent all night sneaking drinks from my aunt and uncle and freezing my ass off outside to see the fireworks at the space needle.2013
personal
that's all
this year was weirdthis was the first year i was on my own really in the “real world” which was pretty scary but also really fun. i’ve learned a lot about priorities and just generally going with the flow. this year was one giant question mark after the other, and there really just isn’t a whole lot of time for freaking the fuck out about things because life keeps happening regardless. i think that was a lesson i really needed to learn: to just calm down and take life as it comes. its been rough but also really amazing.among all the unknowns of this year i’ve met some really cool people who have ultimately changed my life for the better. people who challenge me and believe in me and encourage and support me. its been crazy cool to finally be able to surround myself with people i want around and people who are good for me. i honestly never thought i’d get to a place where i’d have people like i have now, but i’m glad i’ve made it this far and have built memories and relationships with them. i’ve learned so much, and although i’ve lost some people, i’ve realized that i’ve got something to gain from everyone. 
its actually pretty crazy to look back and think that at one point in my life i was trying so hard to escape because what i’ve got right now is A+. that doesn’t mean its not still difficult sometimes and that there aren’t still bad days or weeks even, but that the good in my life ultimately outweighs the bad. i’m in a good place right now, a place i never really thought existed, and i’m excited about the future. i’m excited about the prospect of pursuing things i love and doing more things for myself, rather than to please others. i’m excited about new adventure and opportunities. i’m just excited. for the first time in a long time it feels like the sun is coming out.brb moving to seattle permanently
all the men are so attractive
a very handsome boy with a nice beard bought me coffee today and my heart ALMOST exploded.just a day
that's all i want
it’d be cool if i could stop being sad for like a whole day.14

some things i’m gonna do in 2014:
get in shape
be vegan (for awhile at least)
stand up for myself more
learn how to deal with the past in healthier ways
save money (like 10 or 20 bucks a paycheck)
climb the last 11 fourteeners i haven’t climbed 
figure out a plan to fix my knee so that next winter i can snowboard
be happysorry lil baby
i'll get you fixed soon enough
today i was reminded why i don’t ride anymore. my knee is nearly the size of a cantaloupe.seriously thinking about this
but what if i just stay in washington forever?brb dying

tonight was awkward. they didn’t know we had broken up and they spent all of dinner and dessert asking me questions about you. truth is, i couldn’t bring myself to say it so i just spent all night pretending everything was normal. and for some reason everyone else at the table who knew decided to play along with me, probably out of pity, and all night all i did was pretend. i’ve been doing a lot of pretending lately.NOT ME
who needs sleep when you can lay awake in bed all night thinking about how much you hate 98% of your life?hi hello you thought this was over?
you're an idiot
its never going to be over

wow spending christmas with my family is actually turning out to be the worst thing in the world because my mom is actually the worst thing in the world.occassionally my family's okay
all i’ve been doing all day is playing skyrim with my dad and its been glorious.bye

shower
laundry
go pick up tips from work
pack
family things for the next 48 hours
SEATTLEseattle in THREE DAYS
finally
today is my last day of work for like two weeks and i am real stoked on that because work is the worst.
its 4am and i miss you. i missed you yesterday at 4am and i’ll probably miss you a month from now at 4am.can't handle all of these feelings
wow these pictures are actually killing me.you look so happy
how did it all change so fast huh?
how did you wind up not wanting me?
i got this email with all these pictures from the wedding and you’re in so many of them and i’m just going to curl into a ball and die now.killmeplease
wow feelings and things this is very unpleasant.DO THESE THINGS MIA
bake cookies
hang out with mek
watch movies tonight with b
be happy
don’t let anyone fuck with youso much anxiety
good god why are you making me wait till after i get back from seattle?
don't you know that this is kiiiiiiilling me?
you probably just don't care
my stomach hurts because anxiety.THAT WAS SO NICE OF YOU
GOOD JOB
oh my god my chem teacher just randomly gave me 15 points of extra credit which was enough to boost my grade to a C sweet jesus i am stoked on being done with chemistry forever
i miss you a lot tonight. i hope this gets easier soon.I came into work and Tyler immediately told me I looked like a sexy Eastern European spy so I have that going for me now I guesswe'll see

cleaned my entire apartment
washed all my clothes
washed my sheets
tried to get as much of you out of this place as i couldalso i still managed to get a D in chemistry and i am freaking the heck out right now because i am NOT paying to take that class a third time.you've just got to make it 10 days little mia
i believe in you
10 days until i leave for seattle. 10 days until i get to go be somewhere where every single thing doesn’t remind me of you and make me feel sick.because the last three or four days have beena huge blur of drugs

I WONDER WHEN I’M GOING TO NOT NEED TO BE EXTREMELY UNDER THE INFLUENCE OF THINGS IN ORDER TO HANDLE REALITY.good things
good things that need to matter more than bad things
I AM CRYING SO MANY TEARS OF JOY. i got a 91 on my chem final and a 96 on my physiology final and just DO YOU PEOPLE EVEN REALIZE HOW FREAKING AMAZING THAT IS BECAUSE I WAS DUMPED LIKE 10 HOURS BEFORE MY PHYS TEST AND I BASICALLY BULLSHITTED A REVIEW PACKET FOR CHEM 15 MINUTES BEFORE CLASS.i am so proud of myself, which is something that rarely happens. like…i’ve just felt like shit about myself all week and this just really helped me realize that i’m kind of really awesome at a lot of things and that’s a good thing to remember.I will make it be good
Today will be good.all i'm going to do the rest of the day is smoke weed and play civ 5 and watchsupernatural
i think i deserve that
or at least that's what's going to get me through the day

scott sent me home from work early because i kind of couldn’t function. i hate how sad i am. i hate how much i miss you. i hate how all i want to do is be with you. i hate that weird boys keep hitting on me. i just kind of hate myself for driving you away. this is just far too overwhelming for me.ireallyhatethis

its awfully pathetic the great leaps i’m taking to try to numb the pain. i thought i could have handled this for longer. i guess we aren’t so different after all.too angry
too sad
no one is allowed to be happy if I'm not happy
logic
Everyone else’s happiness is absolutely disgusting to me oh my god I am not going to leave my apartment ever againi'm probably going to miraculously get an A and pee my pants
learned 4 chapters worth of chemistry 15 minutes before my final. i am killin’ it this week.please stop
i'm not even flattered
you're just making me feel sick
its actually astounding to me how quickly boys on facebook notice a relationship status change and how quickly they try to jump on that train of trying to get with the sad just got dumped girl.morning pep talks

i’m going to allow myself one more day to wallow and that’s it. i need to do things, i need to be with people who want to be with me.
tomorrow i’m going to get up early & go for a run. i’m going to start doing yoga and meditating more because i need some peace of mind. i’m going to actually sign up for benefits at work and find a physical therapy place so that hopefully next season i can get back on the mountain. i’m going to start keeping a list of all the good things i’ve got in my life, a sort of joy inventory i guess. i’m going to make more of an effort to see my siblings and take them out to do random, fun things over christmas break. i’m going to read more books and write more and start playing music again. i’m going to spoil myself with some really nice drawing pens so i can get into doing things i love again. 
in a couple of weeks i’ll be leaving for Seattle and i think a few days in a different city with some of my favorite people in the world will be really good for me. i just need to focus on myself. i need to take advantage of all the amazing things i could be doing and recognize potential in myself for positive change and growth. i’m going to learn from this, i’m going to learn from you. i’m going to take this really shitty situation and use it for positive development in my life. i’m going to be a better person because of this, and i just need to focus on that.seriously
and a boy who wants to care about me
I THOUGHT I REACHED MY MAX LEVEL OF FEELING AWFUL LIKE YESTERDAY BUT IT JUST KEEPS GETTING WORSE PLEASE SEND PIZZA AND CATS TO HELP ME.giving myself pep talks
leave me alone

you need to remember that you’re stronger and better than this. you need to remember that you are not the problem. there is nothing wrong with you. remember that.can't brush my teeth
too sad
can't shower
can't tie my shoes
Even the simplest, stupidest things are hard to do.I am too hurt to be alive

Everything hurts so badly. It’s like my body’s been turned inside out and someone is slowly carving my heart out of its cozy little cavity. I feel sick. I tried to eat and it just wasn’t even possible. Every fiber in my being is just longing for you: your touch, your smell, your voice.
I need you so much. I kept telling myself I was a badass bitch from hell so that I could make it through my finals. I don’t know how well I did, I mostly just mindlessly bubbled things so I could leave faster. I had a panic attack after physiology in north classroom and I was so close to calling you. I couldn’t stop shaking, and people were looking at me as if I was having some kind of psychotic break. I was so close to calling. I had your number pulled up and I just couldn’t bring myself to do it.
I don’t know how these things work, I don’t know how to take you out of my daily routine, but I can’t just quit you cold turkey. I want to give you space though. I want to give you what you want so you can be happy, it’s just so unfair that it’s got to be at the expense of my own.
Things are just bad. I blame myself wholeheartedly for this. I pushed you away like I push everyone away, but being alone right now stings more than ever before. I got used to not being alone. I got used to having you on my side. It was comfortable, you were like being at home.
I called my mom because I wasn’t sure what to do with myself. I’m at my grandparents surrounded by family whose just looking at me like I’m a wounded puppy and although they’re comforting, they’re nothing compared to laying my head on your chest and feeling your embrace.
I keep hoping that you’re going to change your mind. I keep hoping you’re going to call or text or just show up and make this right. I know it’s stupid. I know it’s not going to happen. I know I’m not what you want, but I’d really love it if you would.
It’s been a day and I already miss you immensely. Please just come back to me. Please.JUST BOUGHT TICKETS TO SEE FRANKENSTEIN IN JANUARY WITH BENEDICT CUMBERBATCH & JOHNNY LEE MILLER I AM SO EXCITED I’M GOING TO PEEjust never quite enough, always disappointing.All the streets that would allow someone to come to my store are closed because of the parade of lights so I’ve been wasting my precious time doing absolutely nothingjust want to matter
you know...nothing too important

i honestly can’t remember what it feels like to know that someone loves you no matter what, and that’s the saddest thing i’ve ever experienced.don't wake up tomorrow don't wake up tomorrow don't wake up tomorrow
getting real tired of being real tired.first of all i hate being up this early, second of all i’m p sure the pipes in my kitchen are frozen, third of all i want to stop doing homework/going to school.thanks boyfriend
boyfriends are good for leaving flannels on the floor that you can later pick up and wear when its freezing cold in your room and you want to die because of schoolPERFECT
kill me now
aint no party like a burst cyst party because a burst cyst party will wake you up at 1:30 am in tearsfuq u ovaries
All I want is for someone to hold me and play with my hair and tell me I’ll be okay because it literally feels like I’m being torn to pieces from the inside outthanks ovarian cyst
I really need to write two essays but I’m higher than a kite from all this Vicodin so who knowskill me
please
rip out my tummy it hurts too much
wowowowowow i feel like shit today. throwing up 5everPRO AVOIDER
MIA TAKES THE GOLD
this post tells you more about me than probably any other post
i have so much anxiety about all the homework i haven’t done over break and so instead of doing my homework i put away the laundry that’s been in the basket for a month & rearranged all the furniture in my room like a champ.my life is hard
i really need to write an essay but every time i try to start i literally almost fall asleep.wouldn't that be nice

everything is achey & it feels like something giant is sitting on my chest. what if i just stopped existing?maybe this is a sign i need to change my major
but what if i stopped going to school and just read books all dayHI
I AM A PERSON
YOU MIGHT BE SATAN BUT I STILL TREAT YOU WITH RESPECT
Almost just slapped my manager in the face for being such a terrible human beinguhg
So drunk. I’m sorry, I miss you terriblyGoing to Seattle over Christmas break and it’s really the only thing keeping me sane at this pointmy tuition is going to be like 5 dollars
ONLY TAKING TWO CLASSES AND A LAB NEXT SEMESTER WHAT UPPPPi find it ironic that you're always accusing me of being so immature but you took the hurt teenaged girl route & blocked me on facebook

what if instead of being overly offended at every word i’ve ever said you actually listened and heard the things i was saying and realized that i’m not being mean, i’m begging you to stop.10 hours is too many hours to be at starbucks
Ain’t nothing like 10 hour days because your boss is an asshole
all i want is for someone to hold me so tight that maybe everything will stop feeling like its falling apart.how mia gets things done
read 30 pages, reward myself with half of a supernatural episode.I only just discovered that you can just hold down the reblog button on the app and it reblogs it omg why have I been foolishly not doing this for foreverbut also that my whole life sucks
byyyyyye
casually watching baseball documentaries on netflix and sobbing into a bowl of ice cream because everything is terrible, including the fact that it’s no longer baseball season.kill me
Waking up sad makes me feel physically illtoday should be lovely
meet lab partners on campus
city o with my roommates
cry until i fall asleep and/or diethings i wish i could talk to people about

i wish you would take note of my silence when you talk so candidly about your opinion on things like this, because i’ll never have the words to explain to you how much those opinions kill me.because i cant handle denver anymore
everything makes me so sad
But what if I actually just got on a plane and leftgoodnight cruel world
i just wrote the most incoherent essay because i’m so sleepy and kind of just filled with a lot of rage and i don’t even care because this class is a joke and i’m just over this semester.i'm too excited
like every 10 minutes i’m checking the porch to see if my forever 21 stuff is here yet.IM GOING TO SLEEP FOR 100 YEARS
weddings are nice
catching up with family i haven’t seen in forever is nice
dancing with my boyfriend is nice
everything is niceSO EXCITED FOR THIS WEEKEND
shower
hot girl disguise
rehearsal dinner
sleep
another hot girl disguise
pretend to know how to walk in giant heels
wedding
diei just want to watch how i met your mother and eat soup and die
and cuddle
because boyfriend wants to be here for all that
i have studied so freaking hard for my physiology exam and if i get anything less than an A (because that’s what i SHOULD get) because i’m deathly ill and can’t think i’m going to throw the biggest fit for the rest of eternity.SLIGHTLY HIGH ON EVERYTHING
GOODNIGHT
lots of nyquil
lots of ibuprofen
lots of sleep
feel better tomorrow lil baby mia
kick all the ass on your tests because you’ll feel better tomorrow
focus on being awesome
byemy whole body aches so bad
Holy goodness I’m pretty sure I’m dying.HOW DID THIS HAPPEN?
i must actually be smart
I got 100% on my chem exam and basically ruined the chance of a curve for anyone else in my class but I don’t even care because I got 100% on my chem exam.i don't have my shit together
and i can't keep it together anymore
sorry you have to deal with all the brokenness
i kind of just give up.3am and i’m wide awake. shoot me in the faceits fine now i can stay up all night and do physiology crap
taking 8 hour naps in the middle of the day really throws off my sleep schedulespend all my money at pablos
but i get to drink a lot of pablos
whateva whateva
it is both the best and worst thing living a block away from Pablo’s.j
i can’t keep letting you destroy me all the time.goodnight
if you dont love alt-j then i don’t love you and we can’t be friendsfuck everyone
my hobbies include sobbing in the bathroom at work and just generally wanting to die.I HAVE FINALLY MASTERED CHEM!
FINALLY
its the actual best feeling taking a test and knowing every damn thing on it.forever beating my head against a wall

you’re just beating a dead horse. i get it. you’re disappointed. you think i’m sneaky mcsneakerson and that i’m constantly scheming against you so that i can find the best way to hurt you most. ya caught me.things i need to do

shower
study for chem
read the rest of Frankenstein
sparknote Othello
force myself to go to City O with everyone & be happy
work on zach’s birthday present for next weekend
sleep for daysuhg
The shitty thing about growing up is finding out all this terrible crap about your family that you were blissfully unaware ofbecause if chemistry is good for one thing is distraction
i’m having a hard time dealing with everything so obviously the only solution is to drink gallons of coffee and do chemistry for hours at pablo’s.PROBABLY NEVER BECAUSE MY LIFE IS THE WORST
i wonder when everything will stop sucking assssssssssssssbecause he's actually the best
i need to try and pretend i'm tired so i can pretend to sleep tonight
t
i dunno what i’d do without the sweet boy of mine.someone come kiss my forehead and play with my hair so i can sleep away the sad
i really need to study for a lot of things but i’m too busy being depressed. doesn’t college know that i don’t have time to get good grades AND be mentally unstable?i need hugs and kisses and to go home
Today has been a shitstorm and a half and I still have another four hours at work.snow has been ruined by the fact that youre not here anymore
Remember the first time it snowed last year and we watched all the Christmas movies & ran outside in our pajamas and danced? Remember how I fell asleep on your lap while you played with my hair and remember how everything felt okay because we were together?

I just miss that. I miss you.so many things!!!
thanks calcium & ATP for allowing my muscles to do things
major nerding out is happening and im not sorry
WE ARE LEARNING ABOUT MUSCLE CONTRACTION IN PHYSIOLOGY AND HOT DAMN SCIENCE IS THE COOLEST SHITdownfalls of a septum piercing AND a regular nose ring
There is too much metal in my nose for there to be this much snot in my nose. THERE ISNT ROOM TO BE SICKthis is dumb
and i am sad
i took like a 7 hour nap when i got off work this afternoon and now i can’t ever sleep again because i messed it all up.barista lyf
ITS 6:20 AND IVE ALREADY MADE MORE LATTES THAN IS NECESSARYi just really miss you
I wish I could tell you how much I love you but I can’t and it makes me so sad. 

Slightly drunk mia is far too honest for her own goodyou seriously dont understand my extreme amount of frustration at you
I wish I could make myself stop caring about people because I think i would be a lot better off.shoot me in the face i just need a hug or something
fail chem test
fail physiology test
cry for 15 minutes before my lab
go to lab and try not to cry
go home
cry
drop out of college
marry rich
do nothing ever but cry at my failures
CLEARLY i’m optimistic.okay mia
hi im crazy
Study until 12:30 for physiology and then stop caring because you’re not gonna learn everything about action potentials & resting membrane crap tonight mia just give up and rest your pretty little head for ALL the tests tomorrowfuck you
I have a giant test tomorrow and I can’t study because all I can think about is how much I miss you and how angry it makes me that you’re delusional enough to think all this horrible shit about me, and that you’ve convinced people I thought I was friends with that I’m a horrible person and just shit. I wish I could just erase your entire existence from my life. 

I probably shouldn’t be left alone with my own thoughts for this longkeep CO in your thoughts/prayers
The entire state is under water and people are dying and it’s still pouring rain.i can't handle anything
casually crying in the back room at work.maybe i'll go home this weekend
what if i just fell off a cliff and died. i think that would be wonderful.lucky me i get to have class with this guy for another four months
sorry not sorry i have a boyfriend
can i get that tattooed to my forehead?
might make things easier
i have this really wonderful habit of being painfully oblivious to every single motive behind every single male interaction i have until it’s too late to back out of whatever kind of awkward shenanigans i’ve just gotten myself into.my whole brain is crying
The amount of information I just read about cell membranes and transport proteins is absurd.someone come pick me up
i just want to go home and do my homework and eat a bunch of ice cream and cuddle but i have to work for 4 more hours and then walk home and probably die of exhaustion.h8 it
I feel like Starbucks is slowly sucking out my will to live.MY LIFE IS HARD
things i want to do
sleep
eat french fries
eat burritos
cuddle
things i have to do
go to chem
go to physiology
be awakego team aaron for finding it
Yayayayayay got myself a nice little apartment in cap hill very stoked gonna die mostly happy nowliving the dream
not MY dream
but im sure its someones
I’m so sleepy I just want to go home and sleep forever but I have three more hours of woooooorkGot my septum pierced and I’ve never looked so coooooolbig day tomorrow kids
Sleep, wake up, shower, lunch with grandparents, septum piercing, baseball with boyfriend, sleepsavings: 93%
college: 0 mia: 1
just paid 13 bucks for my physiology textbook thank you book godsIM GONNA MAKE IT RAIN
ON MY LANDLORD
BYE
MIGHT BE GETTING PROMOTED WHAT UPPPPPPgoodbye cruel world
I think I’m gonna die today. This is it.IM NOT! jokes on all of you
Somehow i got myself into being at work at 5:30 & then 6:45 next week and I just don’t know how I’m going to function that earlyive been trying to not look like a zombie for like 45 minutes and nothing is working
There isn’t enough makeup in the world to cover up the dark circles under my eyesalthough i also talked to a woman from the nursing school i want to go to
so i did something productive
got to work an hour early to download the new episodes of Dexter because there’s still no internet at my apartment.my priorities are GOLDEN.I JUST WANT TO WEAR MY SHOES
The toms I took to Vietnam last summer still smell like Vietnam and it makes me really sadthe speaker is all funky though
I just dropped my phone in the sink but it’s still working so…that’s nice?bye
im going to get my septum pierced sometime this week because i’ve been a baby about it for TOO DAMN LONG.no
why
what
i have someone...
you can't just come here and think that was okay
WHAT. WHAT. WHY. WHAT. NO. WHAT.i can’t handle anything. what’s even going on. what. no.I’m fairly certain that I’ve already gotten sunburnt and I have only been outside for like 20 minutes. 

Being a ginger is the actual worst sometimesI DONT CARE
I LOVE IT
casually having a dance party to icona pop because i’m one of thoseblame it on the aaaaaaaalcohol

i hate memories. its a sickening kind of nostalgia. one that hasn’t fully settled into the cracks in my bones. it seeps out through the pores on my skin and it stings. i miss feeling at home and knowing that someone loves me. i miss being understood, and being able to explain myself because lately i just feel so trapped. i miss late night talks about everything and nothing. i’m so afraid to love because of you. i’m so afraid to care about anyone, because i know that they will grow roots in my heart and crack my ribcage open when things inevitably go wrong. no one really sees how much i miss you. i hide this pain away because i can’t stand the thought of someone seeing how much i am capable of needing one person. i can’t stand the thought of needing another person as much as i ever needed you. i can’t ever let myself be so weak again. i just really fucking miss you, and i want to go home.please stop
Ain’t nothing like being hit on by a coworker you can’t escape40 bucks for like 4 hours of work a couple weeks ago
I really love that this store has decided I’m fantastic and wants me to work during all the stupid festivals that cherry creek has because then I get mad tips.the more ya know
also apparently i’m the kind of person who day drinks now.good thing ben's working today
casually having beers before work.i think being like 2% drunk is going to greatly improve my barista skillsits fine
its not like i have work tomorrow
or things to do that require me to FUNCTION
apparently i’m just never sleeping.and 3 of my boys are playin in the allstar game
proud of my rox
The homerun derby is one of my favorite things in baseballbarista life
I’ve decided I hate working in lobby stores because my hands are inevitably covered in sharpie no matter whatalso goodnight
I don’t know why riding my bike home in sketch city neighborhood of mine at 1am ever seems like a good idea but I’ve been doing it recently because of reasons.

Also I have cool friends and I love city o city. Also I miss boyfriend.dear lord save me from this
casually scrolling through tumblr on my lunch break because no internets at home still and ben walks back here just in time to see all the boobs.now he’s running around the store just screaming boobs.goodbye cruel world
Not having Internet is the actual worst.

Tonight’s a good night to lock myself in my room, listen to Bon Iver and read The Bell Jar and pretend that sticking my head in an oven like Sylvia Plath isn’t a good idea because currently everything blows.ill update you on my progress
if all goes well i should be done at like 2am
My mission for today is to watch all of The Lord of the Rings. And breakcant breathe
cant function
cant do this
I literally don’t know what my problem is but this anxiety is going to probably result in me dying todaygoodnight
this is just a list of things i hate just ignore me

not owning a car
the fact that you keep coming to my work and you have no idea who i am but i know exactly who you are and every time you come by it gets worse and i just don’t know how long i can hold off mental breakdowns in the bathroom before you realize who i am
its too hot
i’m still awake
i can feel an anxiety attack coming which just makes me even more anxious
i literally am the most unahppy and angry i’ve been in a long time
moneywoe is me
makin that cash money tho
All I want to do is cuddle and watch 30 rock and eat food but I have to work SOME MOREIM LOSING MY SANITY
Hahahahahaha what made me think this 11.5 hour shift was a good idea?!i literally hate customer service
SOMETIMES THE PEOPLE WHO COME TO MY STORE ARE SO RUDE AND DISRESPECTFUL I JUST WANT TO HIDE IN THE BACK AND CRY OKAY BYEi'm only posting this because i know you'll read it
so here's a big fuck you
and another grow the fuck up and get over it
it’s funny because you talk so much shit about me and people i’m friends with follow you and tell me all about how much shit you’re talking. its funny because you think you’re not hurting me but i’m still being reminded constantly that you think everything is my fault and that IM the horrible person.its pretty convenient that you forget to mention in your shit talking that i tried for a couple of months. i know how long i tried because things started to fall apart when i started dating trevor (which i’m convinced is still half the problem you have with me). i tried to be there for you and make things better. i took the blame and apologized relentlessly. i tried to hang out with you, i tried to show you that i loved you and that i wasn’t replacing you with possibly the most annoying and batshit crazy roommate i’ll ever have. i tried to show you that regardless of the other people in my life i still wanted you to be in my life. you knew better than anyone how unbelievably unhappy i was in high school. you knew better than anyone how close i came to the edge several times and the one time i let myself go over it. all through those times you always told me that college would be better. that not living with my family would be better and that i’d meet better people who would be good for me and that i’d be happy. well guess what? you were right. i met people and i left home and i was happy. actually happy. instead of being excited and proud and relieved that i finally wasn’t wanting to kill myself all the time you got jealous and cold and distant at the fact that now i had new friends and was experiencing things without you. 
i tried so hard to explain to you that i wasn’t sad anymore. i tried to explain that i didn’t need someone to take care of me anymore because i finally wanted to take care of myself. i tried to explain that you’d been planting little seeds in the garden of my heart and that all of the sudden they all sprouted and were in full bloom and that i didn’t need the little seeds anymore, but rather just someone to enjoy the beauty of the flowers with. i told you that i still wanted you around, just in a different way. i wasn’t sad anymore and therefore i didn’t need someone to listen to me when i was sad and be with me to make sure things didn’t go horribly awry. i tried and tried and tried to make you see how your role in my life could change and how we wouldn’t skip a beat and how you’d still be my best friend and sister, regardless of the new people i met and welcomed into my life. 
i think the only reason you ever wanted to befriend me is because you began to realize how broken i was and you wanted to fix it. looking back that’s all i ever feel like you were doing. you’d ask questions about my past and my family and the things that kept me up at night and then you’d try to fill in those cracks and holes as if to keep the sadness and the hurt from pouring out. i never wanted that though, i only ever wanted to learn how to live with the cracks and the holes and recognize how they had changed me and how i’d grown from those experiences and how despite all the flaws i was still a person who had worth and meaning. i feel like you took the extremely dark parts of my life and tried to redecorate them, but that isn’t love, and it certainly wasn’t what i wanted. 
i think that’s one of the things that bothered you most and you got most jealous about—the fact that i willingly showed other people the cracks and holes and dark places without worry. i will admit that i was pretty closed off in my own little head before i met you and that you had to work pretty hard to know any of my past, but things changed. i changed. i met people and they told me some of their shit and i thought huh well this must just be what normal people do so i guess i’ll share a little bit of my shit and if i would have known that me doing that would have resulted in us not being friends anymore i wouldn’t have done it, but your jealousy of that really drove a wedge between us. i didn’t understand the jealousy and i certainly didn’t like it, especially when i hadn’t done anything wrong. you acted like i was such a horrible person for having other people, but its not healthy or okay to be emotionally dependent on just one person. it sucks the life out of them, and eventually they do something disappointing. i guess that was the problem—i was disappointing. i didn’t fulfill all your emotional needs because i was unaware that that was even my job. i dunno, the point is i was not and still am not a horrible friend. i tried. i tried to get through it. i tried to understand it and help you and be there but i just wasn’t cut out for the job. it was too big a responsibility and it crushed me. its just so ridiculous for you to sit there and act like its all my fault because in reality if you wouldn’t have gone and told andrew things that weren’t your business to tell him and he wouldn’t have thrown them back in my face and said things that “yeah you should have really tried harder to die last year because i think everyone would be better off” or “you deserve the things that drove you to make that decision that put you in the hospital” or any number of horrible things he said to me FOR YOU, we’d probably at least still be acquaintances. because in reality you armed him with that knowledge and he tore me down with it, and i still haven’t forgiven you for telling him those things because they still hurt. there is still a sting in my heart when i think about you and how you betrayed my trust and told him my secrets. 
but i get it, you will only pretend to claim responsibility for that so that it appears that you’re taking half the blame, but in reality you think its all my fault. everything’s always my fault.i literally feel insane
WORK HAS BEEN SO BUSY BECAUSE PRIDE IS A WHOLE BLOCK AWAY AND I FEEL LIKE IM GOING TO DIE AND THE ONLY REASON I HAVEN’T DIED IS BECAUSE IM GETTING A NEW TATOO LATER OKAY BYEi will be dead for the rest of the summer
see you all in september
It’s literally too hot for me to exist anymoreokay bye
i need to cry for 500 years
and also id like to stop pmsing so i dont feel like crying for 500 years
I LITERALLY ALMOST JUST PUNCHED A CUSTOMER SQUARE IN THE FACE BECAUSE SHE CALLED ME A BITCH BECAUSE SHE DIDN’T ORDER HER DRINK CORRECTLY OH MY GOD I HATE EVERYONEbyyyyyyyye
bike to work
work for 9.5 hours
try not to cry all day because 9.5 hours of work 
bike home
die of exhaustion & frustration at all the thingsfantastic
i'm going to unwravel as a human being again
ahahahahahahaha i can slowly feel everything begin to fall apart and all i can do is watch it happeni wish boyfriend could come
i wish mom liked boyfriend so she'd let him come to things
because mom is nicer when when boyfriend is there
that's probably why she doesn't like him
she has to impress him
make him think we're normal
okay bye i'm dying now
i haven’t even gotten picked up yet and my mom is already bullying me oh my god this is actually going to be the longest nightTHAT WAS THE ACTUAL WORST
game of thrones
brb crying 5ever over game of thronesbecause tomorrow we are celebrating my birthday because i have to work on friday which is my actual birthday
i’m really glad that tomorrow i don’t have to do anything but look pretty and open presents and eat cakegood job mia
Biking to work in the rain while wearing khaki pants is probably the worst idea I’ve ever had in my lifeI am literally dying at work I don’t know how I’m going to bike home why did I think only getting 2 hours of sleep was smart whyGET OUT OF MY LIFE
Ima flingin flangin whack my manager in the facei also hate punctuation apparently
i’ve literally read the first 10 pages of at least 4 different books and none of them are satisfying and is this what it’s like to not give a frick about books because i hate it i really hate itoh welp
All I do at work is draw comics and drink iced tea why do they even pay me?uhgggg
Moving is stupid. So are my parents. That’s all.instead of studying i'm just going to sit here and cry
good plan mia
i wonder how much shittier today could getbecause lesbihonest
she's got a killer ass
noglutesnoglory
IF I HAVE TO SEE TAYLORS ASS ONE MORE TIME ON MY DASH IM PROBABLY GOING TO BECOME A LESBIANor just work out.hows about instead i leave work right now and eat ice cream?
good plan is good
I don’t want to close I don’t want to close I don’t want to closebuy a bike from the owner of Salvagetti
receive phone call from owner of Salvagetti
owner of Salvagetti also owns Happy Coffee
owner of aforementioned places offers you a job at Happy Coffee
what is happening right now is this real life?priorities
mia go study
no
do it right meow
cats meow therefore i must watch more videos
i just spent a great deal of time watching cat videos on youtube and now i have no motivation to do anything but watch more cat videosIM TOO EXCITED ABOUT IT TO FOCUS ON THIS STUPID ANATOMY SHIT
how am i expected to study when there is still daylight and a brand new bike to be enjoyed?if i say it enough do you suppose it'll come true?
i don’t want to go to work i don’t want to go to work i don’t want to go to work i don’t want to go to workprobably more than i've regretted taking bio & chem at the same time
yay for poor decisions
in the fall i wonder how much i will regret taking anatomy AND phys at the same time (◡‿◡✿)TODAY IS GOING TO BE SO GOOD
shower
illegal pete’s
pre-baseball things
baseball
die because of happiness from baseballSO HAPPY
rockies
first monday of baseball season brb cryingalso its so hard to blow my nose ):
being sick and having a nose ring is probably one of the most disgusting and unattractive things in the universe.a lot
sucks to sucki need to learn german
Kummerspeck is a german word used to describe weight gained by overeating due to emotional reasons and is literally translated into “greif bacon”. germans are really cool.so that's super fun
not
i’ve just realized there are no labs this week which means i have like 7 hours between my first and second class.i deleted my entire itunes library because i need new music so tell me some of your favorite bands or songs or whatev so i can refill my itunes because this is sad lookinga few things

i need school to start because i’m bored out of my mind. i have way too much time on my hands and i hate it
there needs to be at least 700 more seasons of Adventure Time for me to watch
i really hate that in the lotr movies they make it out to be like Aragorn doesn’t want to reclaim his place as king and that he’s all hesitant and kind of a baby about it but in the book he’s carrying around the pieces of Narsil WAITING for them to be reforged so he can be king. like he is real stoked on being king in the book. real.stoked. i just…ITS SUCH A HUGE CHANGE. why? 
i need to go back to school because i am upset about the aforementioned 
i have had 30 gallons of Dr Pepper today and i feel a little crazy
byetheperksofbeingapunkassnigga
also lol your url
talon and i were talking about how funny it is the other day
theperksofbeingapunkassnigga replied to your post: also did you guys know that people get their…
What does that even accomplish? What do they even gain out of that?
i don’t know its weird looking because it sticks out of their body an awful lot. its so weird. people are so weird.why do you have to live on the other side of the world?
My grandpa just discovered Wes Anderson and he is being so cute talking about him and his moviesi just beat the entire game, flow, on my phone so that’s pretty much my only accomplishment wow i’m uselesseven my own bed feels foreign. tomorrow morning couldn’t come fast enoughmaybe this WAS a bad idea...
it really creeps me out being here. i don’t like it.seriously
so good
just been nerding out watching videos all night
if it were not for khan academy videos i don’t think i’d know anything about biology.this has been an update
im really positive that i’m not going to do well on my chem exam on wednesday or my bio quiz tomorrow and i just want to give up on schoolWHAT EVEN D:
stop it
"Confirm: you are alive and in a safe location"talon is real nice and makes sure i get home okay.-5280
-5280 replied to your post: -5280 replied to your photo: this weekend was so…
I WANT… hmmm. Cookies? or something. individual something so that i can take it places like school and make people jealous of my mia baked goods.
OKAY DO YOU WANT THE PUMPKIN COOKIES I JUST MADE KATELIN? they were super good and all the people would be supes jealousi’ve been on a weird beard kick recently and i even made a board for them on pinterest and just…prepare yourselves tumblr.talon
talon replied to your photo: my roommate is annoying. this tea is gross. there…
I am thee in all kinds of magnificent spirit. This should be such a blissfully transcental moment for you.
i am talon and talon is mewell my english class was cancelled because my teacher is dying or something so thats…that’s neat.i'm not a real girl
i'm not a real person
i just suck
maybe if i were a better person i would know how to take care of my sad, hurt roommate but i’m a shitty person and therefore i have no power to make anything in life better.ffffuuuuuuu
WHY ARE ALL THE NIGHTS ENDING LIKE THIS WHAT EVEN IS WRONG WITH MEridiculous
SHES ridiculous
Paisley just giggled at me for like 10 minutes and then said I was ridiculous. Where does a 3 year old learn that word?i need out of my head
i’m just really tired of people looking at me and seeing “problems” that need to be “fixed”. its never hey i see that you’re struggling with depression let me be there for you so that we can both gain understanding about it together and work through it. it’s always you just need to figure out how to fix it and feel better. i don’t know how to help myself but just telling me that i’m broken and need to fix it isn’t constructive.fucking kill me
wow holy fuck i am just a really horrible person and i don’t know how i got to be this waysunshine & rainbows with mia
i just have no motivation to do anything. i am tempted to just lay here in nothing but my skin and never move. how did i get to this place? at which turn did i make a wrong decision? i feel like i’ve been hollowed out and only the shell of me remains. 
i suppose i’ll go put on clothes now and stop wallowing in my pool of self hatetmi but i no currrrr
couldn't have waited 2 days huh mother nature?
you are rude as murder
you know what will make 30 hours of sitting on a plane and bumming around several airports more enjoyable? my period.fuq dis
resume regular scheduled programming
mia goes to vietnam
today was really good. we went downtown and had coffee and bought a bunch of food and just kinda wandered around. i forgot how stupid driving is here. it is actually the most stressful thing ever, just thinking about going back out on the road really makes me anxious. my grandparents are out running, i was too much of a bum to go with them. jet lag is catching up with me now and i feel like i’m going to pass out at any given second which sucks because i haven’t even had dinner yet and i am super hungry. 
in other news, it’s hot and humid and my hair is still damp from my shower earlier.its really lucky no one is here right now because i'm being ridiculously pathetic
uhg
why am i always so sad
i need to figure out how to be something other than sad
because this is the time of day it hurts the most
i wish it was winter. i miss snow.oh wow i wish you would just shoot me in the face because then i would be dead and i wouln't have to listen to your bullshit guilt trips ...
I DONT EVEN KNOW WHY I COME BACK HERE A:KJ:LKSDGJ:LKSGJKL:FHJKLGJKLGFJKL
i suck
thats why
why do i ever come back here
you people just make me feel horrible
and it appears to be at nothing
but whatever
i just find it incredibly annoying when people say to me “oh this is just a rough patch” or “this is just a phase you’re going to grow out of”. no. you obviously have no idea what goes on in my life if you think it’s just a phase or a rough patch. you’re clueless. i’m also real tired of people saying “well if you’re unhappy you can just change the situation”. this situation is out of my hands. none of this is in my power. so please tell me, all knowing person on the internet, how i go about changing these things. asdftuhflkgjkjvn man i’m really pissed offcrying into a bowl of ice cream
WHY DOESNT IT LOVE ME BACK
wow i'm a new level of pathetic
alright i guess i'll just think about how horrible my childhood was and cry and fall asleep
i wish someone was here to rub my back
i'm so tired of being here
everyone just sucks
my mind is cruel
so very cruel
i ran until i thought i was going to pass out and then i turned around and came back here and now i’m just wide awake whyyyyyyadfkjskjg;dfhfhsometimes i feel like my chest is going to cave in
i feel like that right now
i just think i'll bum around and be emotional and stuff the rest of the night because i feel like killing myself
awesome
i need sleep
i've cried way too much today
because i'm not paying 200 bucks for a new starter
nope
i just want my car to start. please car please. i love you. you’re the best ever. now start.get outta here with your sass
you are too much like me and i hate it
Paisley just came into my room screaming “I MISS YOU BABY” and then she hugged me and said “but you really drive me nuts” WHERE DOES THIS KID GET OFF?-5280
-5280 replied to your post: I hope that one day I could be with a lady as charming as you. :)
plus she’s already taken, by me.
yes. my heart belongs to this asshole.because food is my priority
you know how i know Sam and Frodo have a real friendship? 
Sam follows Frodo to Mordor
he willingly puts up with all of Frodo’s dickhead tendencies
he doesn’t eat so that Frodo can have all the lembasITS SO GOOD THO
i am probably not aggressively humming this music…too many bad dreams
i can’t breathe. that was terrifying. my mind is so awful. how does…how is that even…i won’t ever sleep again.i guess i should leave soon…lomg
a poncho is just a cape that goes all the way around!so
perfect
wow i’ve been rewatching Modern Family and its perfect.that's all
i guess i just don’t understand the point of 4/20 because most people i know are high every single day so it doesn’t make sense that 4/20 is a big deal. i honestly feel like the more you brag about how much weed you are gonna smoke and how high you are going to be the more you are compensating for the fact that you’re a jackass who has probably never seen weed in your life.aneskamo
aneskamo replied to your post: aneskamo replied to your post: aneskamo replied to…
to clarify: I was at school. Its okay I had to use spell check for spelling excellent. (and again) Technology has brought my spelling to ruin. I hate AP Lang, because this is what it has taught me.
lol if that is what you are getting out of that class then…i think you’re missing the point.even though she is freaking out super a lot over this rebuilding the eye video lol
you know how i know katelin really loves me? she youtubes eye trauma videos and sends them to me because she knows i really find them fascinating. good best friend is good.justinferguson9
justinferguson9 replied to your post: kanonenvogel replied to your post: kanonenvogel…
Do my eyes deceive me? Is Mia finally warming up to the Rangers?! :)
i said they’re OKAY. i feel like they’ll be in the world series this year with the A’s or the Phillies. 
just my predictions thoughMy parents changed our wifi password again so that i cant connect to it uhgggalso i just feel really sick
like...i feel like something bad is going to happen and its making my stomach hurt
i wonder how many more times i can bail on sushi plans with you people before you stop inviting me
its not that i don't like you or dont like sushi but i seriously have zero dollars to pay for sushi
i could buy like...a quarter of one roll
stop liking me so that i can stop feeling bad about ditching you
thanks
what if i reblog everything slater posts and delete the original caption and promote my own blog instead?
WHAT IF
dextrae
why do you even follow me lol
brb
i'll be eating ice cream and crying and watching Memento for the 3rd time in the past 2 days so that i can actually write this paper
hmph, well that was heartbreaking in all the ways imaginable, but its probably for the best. i wish things were different, oh god how i wish they were different. i can’t be selfish though, i’m glad you’re okay. i just have to keep telling myself that. you’re okay, you’re okay, you’re okay. i’m not okay though.seriously tho i have reblogged like 39485349850346 things you have posted today
dextrae
what if i change my url to dextrae2 and reblog everything slater does because he is perfecti've just realized its only another 3 hour drive to utah
HMMMM
SHE IS WAY TOO CUTE D:
sometimes i can’t handle that kid.i will never understand the necessity of alcohol
i appreciate you not drinking around me but why do you think i want to hear about you drinking either?
i don't
but thanks for talking to me like alcohol was something i should and need to care about
OH BUT WAIT
its not
woe is me
its awfully lucky this very good looking man is sitting behind me and not in front of me because otherwise i might never write these essays.because i’ve been counting down the entire off seasonmy life will have meaning again, guys. baseball will be played. i will be happy.la fin.why does everything ever overwhelm me at night
i need a pill that turns off my thoughts
not my feelings
stop being such a cunt
omg i'm just so pissed off at everything
i am pathetic
i am a pathetic bucket of depression and discontentment
all of my family is over and i’ve slowly been pushed out of the living room and into the basement. its official that everyone i share blood with sucks, every.single.one. 
tumblr is being particularly stupid and won’t let me see anything in my ask box which is REALLY unhelpful. maybe i’ll just play the sims and read crime and punishment and wallow in self pity because D:woes of a baker
every single time i bake anything i always seem to end up covered in flour. this is such a problem.i dont want to go back to school to write an essay
i just want to lay in bed and drink tea
especially since its snowing
D:
my life is hard
goodnight i guess
oh my god why am i ever allowed to talk to anyone about anything what have i done i’ve really screwed myself over probably because i just talk and talk and talk and i dont filter my words based on my audience and then i say something vitally important to the wrong person or maybe the right person and things get flipped upside down and i end up punching myself for being such a mindless idiot what the hell is wrong with mekatelinchampion
because i am a push over!
yaaaaaaay
katelin-is-your-champion replied to your post: i have become far too aware over the past couple…
can i hurt them?
of course, God knows i can’t.hey will you finish the rest of your pages by 4 we need to send them in today
no i wont finish them by 4
1. i do not have names necessary for completion
2. i do not have photos necessary for completion
3. no one else's pages are done
4. i know that we don't have to send things until friday
5. 40 minutes. you are giving me 40 minutes to finish these pages? really?
6. i hate you
the editor in cheif from yearbook keeps calling me
and i keep not answering
how many times are you gonna call me before you get the hint that i'm not answering?
yay
the rest of my day holds typing up my stupid anatomy lab, wes anderson soundtracks, uncomfortable conversation and sushi.YOU JUST UNDERSTAND SO WELL WHAT I REALLY WANT
except not enough to understand i hate valentines day
hey guess what? i’ve got a hot date on valentines day…because that is a holiday that matters and stuff. although, i really tried to think of an excuse to not have a date on valentines day based solely on i hate the entire principle of the day. i also had to convince him that we couldn’t be too valentinesy so we are getting pizza and making fun of people who are in love. ithinkiminlovejust so you know
mlb
baseball
its baseball time.waaaaaah
i need to sleep more. nonetheless that conversation was worth staying up forgenerally this doesn't bother me but recently there have been a lot of super skinny girls all up on my dash
and i feel like i'm going to fall into old habits which scares me
because i just sit and stare at these pictures
so if i unfollow you its because i'm trying to save me from myself
not because i dont like you
all of you are idiots
every
single
one
"everyone" at school thinks they can rap and literally everyone has made a stupid facebook status about how white kids from Lakewood, Colorado aren’t allowed to be rappers and it is always a huge debate and oh my goodness.  i can’t handle these people from school.das all
goodnight
for once in my life i am going to bed at a decent hour. perhaps its the fact that i got almost no sleep last night because my brain is stupid. i bid thee farewell tumblralso, Sweden, you feel like talkin’ just do it. quit lurking my blog/ask.brb killing myself because everyone on the planet annoys the shit out of me
and not sleepy
but i will try
sad mia is sad.no one is ever gonna wanna date me
i fell asleep with a cough drop in my mouth and woke up with it stuck in my hair ): i’m the most attractive when i’m sick.i just found a book that i made in like 5th grade and its pretty clear that the book is about me but damn i was a cocky little child because i describe the main character as beautiful in like every sentence. i was so talented  ALSO ALL THE FONT IS IN COMIC SANS DDDD: I SUCKED AS A KIDgalaxiesexplode
galaxiesexplode replied to your post:  galaxiesexplode replied to your post:…
Oh why thanksssss. c:
you are quite welcome, sir.goodnight weird anon who wants my hipster babies (;
also
stop stalking my blog
i should probably go to sleep at some point because tomorrow is going to suck the life out of me. goodnight my lovely followers, i hope you all have a super lovely holiday and blah blah blah.okay
thats fine
you guys go do family stuff
i'll sit at home alone
no no
its fiiiiiiine
i'm not upset about this at all
woe is me
i’ll be spending the next 3-4 hours at school for musical callbacks. my finals went swimmingly.  i am going to die from exhaustion at the end of this week.Seriously.too afraid to sleep
why did i not fight back?
asdfghjkljkhjgf
i promise to not be the kind of parent who hits their child
what the actual fuck is going on in my house right now
i need to get the fuck out of here
i am so dumb
so
dumb
and not good enough
super not good enough
ibetternotwakeuptomorroworelseimgonnabepissed
the awkward moment when the kid you like is like OH YEAH i like you too but i dont wanna date you
im sorry wut
so you don't like me then?
is that what you're getting at?
i wish i hadn't woken up this morning
apparently i have to live on campus my freshman year.i guess i’ll become a mass murderer in collegeokay i get it, go away.graduation get here faster
so today was the cadaver lab. we watched a disc replacement surgery and it was pretty amazing. people tend to lose only 2 ounces of blood when they get a lumbar disc replaced, isn’t that cool? David and i were sitting in the back freaking the fuck out and being super nerds. then we got a leg, a torso and a vertebral column to dissect and it was awesome. i literally cannot wait for college when all of my classes are related to medicine.fuck my parents
fuck whatever the hell is making my brother like this
fuckfuckfuckfuckfuck
im gonna go die in a hole
numb. i don’t want to feel any of this, so i am choosing to feel numb.who the fuck slashes tires?!
i dont have money to pay for new tires
i was about to go do homework with Tiana at Pablos and i went outside to you know…drive downtown and my back tires were slashed.TODAY IS SO FUNthe really awkward moment when your guy best friend thinks is acceptable to kiss you
i need gallons of mouth wash
and to have a DTR talk with him
a;kldfj;aklsjgdf;hh;ldffdsjagfl;dgf
stupid
i guess i better get off the weezer website and go to work
i just want all these shirts
and all these posters
i want all the weezer stuff forever
OKAYBYE
phillies
so angry
i am gonna go riot in the streets of Denver by myself.tonight was good
now to start my homework....
i feel like my shoulders aren’t quite so caved anymore, like the weight of all my problems has gotten lighter.why
why is this a thing that keeps happening
im just going to curl up into a ball and die
theariana-grandeanon
theariana-grandeanon reblogged your photo: alongthelinesoflove:   Loveland Pass, Colorado….
The first time my state has popped up on my dash.
um wut? i post Colorado all the time. you must…have just opened your eyes for the first time in forever.i fell asleep and i woke up sad
i feel like crying for absolutely no reason
uhg
at least i don't have to spend all of those 254 days actually AT school
254 days until graduation260 days until i turn 18280 days until i leave for Vietnam321 days until i move outnot that i’m counting or anything….dear my uterus
kindly get the fuck out
i dont want you anymore
love mia
sharkweeksux
i've just found 12 flash drives in my backpack
i'm a hoarder
of flash drives
irrelevant post is irrelevant
its 8:30 and i don't have anything to do
on a school night
no homework
wut the hell am i supposed to do with all this free time?
i am so freakin ANGRY RIGHT NOW
i could just punt something cute
ajfkjg;dfshj my mother is a prime example as to why sex should not be had before marriage omgoh no
don't mind me
i just discover my face is bleeding all the time
DONT WORRY KATELIN
THERE IS ONLY A COUPLE CUPS OF BLOOD
what the shit did i do
no really
lol dont worry
i love coloring
maybe i should just buy a coloring book....
i think Anatomy is my new favorite class based on the fact that my homework is coloring.oh look
a new url
thats cool
i think i have athlete's foot
so thats cool...
i wish my house felt more like home
aslowdumbfox
aslowdumbfox replied to your post: i need to go to sleep. i’ve got work and i have to…
where do you work?

hell. ha no, i work in a pie shopi need a hug
or a hit on the head hard enough to knock me out
im just going to sit outside and cry
because im just bursting with joy :|
OMG DUBSTEP DIE
IM OVER IT
EVERYONE ELSE SHOULD GET OVER IT TOO
THIS TREND IS SO BAD
WHY IS IT LASTING SO LONG
im so tired of sleeping alone
i just want to lay my head on your chest
fingers intertwined
i wanna fall asleep like that
katelinchampion
this is a kind of mushy that is foreign to me
sorry tumblr
katelinchampion replied to your post: katelinchampion replied to your post:…
i’m feeling completely awesome… finally. good food. good friends. good music. ::sigh:: i know i can’t… you know… say certain things, and such… but that doesn’t mean it’s not true. you win. i sincerely love you. i want you to know that.
i’m glad your week picked up, by the way. but um, yeah i know. you’re a good friend. i really appreciate you a lot and i sincerely love you too.i legit just fell asleep standing up
going to bed as soon as i get home tonight
no matter how convincing jeff is (;
just unfollowed 40 people
why was i following so many uninteresting blogs?!
katelinchampion
NOTHING PLEASES HER
katelinchampion replied to your post: i gave up on my pages and instead i made something…there are so many things that i would like to say to you
but i don't know hoooow
because maybe you're gonna be the one who saves me
this is how you're going to save me from myself
can i just have one more follower?
please :3
you cant play me like that its a matter of fact
you're nothing more than a typical whore
remember how good local music is?
i do
the awkward moment when you're not wearing pants and your parents come home
I FREAKIN H8 PANTS
ITS NOT MY FAULT
DONT LOOK AT ME LIKE IM A PERVERT
this couch aint big enough for the two of us
so uncomfortable
you are absolutely way too adorable for me to handle
our hearts are heavy burdens we shouldn't have to bear alone
you make my teeth clench and my hands shake
do you ever see what you do to me?
i can't handle that much cute before bed
nowonderineversleepitsallhisfault
cats aren't supposed to die on birthdays right?
i am more than upset
THISISMYFAVORITEBOOK
everyone go read it
right now
atlas shrugged
"If you saw Atlas, the giant who holds the world on his shoulders, if you saw that he stood, blood running down his chest, his knees buckling, his arms trembling but still trying to hold the world aloft with the last of his strength, and the greater his effort the heavier the world bore down upon his shoulders—what would you tell him to do?”
"I … don’t know.  What … could he do? What would you tell him?"
"To shrug."jeff and katelin
are rude people
i just unfollowed 30 people
let the unfollowers begin
you are the only exception
just sittin in my basement
playing some tunes
alkdfj;slalhf
GET OUT OF MY HEAD SONG
oooh the pie shop...
the awkwardness following me to facebook.i'm going to kill her someday
and it'll be glorious
i’ve only had one class today and i already feel like i could murder someone.maybe if i didn’t have the teacher from hell everything would be okay.DASKLJDLS:KGFDH:DKGDFSokay ass hat stop being such an ass hat
boys are really kind of retarded
oh my gosh I COULD PUNCH YOU IN THE FACE FOR BEING SUCH AN ASS HAT
this has been a post
i like you so much it hurts
posting pictures of weed doesn't make you cool
just sayin
i am super cool
probably...
Sushi Cat :3SO CREEPY
AND DISGUSTING
MY EYES ARE BURNING
gpoy
lol
this guy sitting directly in front of me at starbucks is wearing basketball shorts and i can see right up them and oh my goodness i feel so violated and i feel like he knows that like everybody can see his business and ick ick ick this is a family place and oh goodness i just am so creeped out right now.  
like, what is wrong with underwear?i'm awesome
no you're not dude don't lie
i should be dead in like 2 hours.also, i never realized how similar those names are….yes i am in fact going to continue to talk about you like you're not awkwardly sitting right next to me stranger on my tumblr at starbucks
THANKS FOR ASKING
I AM SUCH AN IDIOT HE JUST READ THAT POST ):< I NEED SOMEONE TO BE MY DESIGNATED THINKER…I SHOULDNT POST THIS BUT I AM GOING TO.WHAT IS MY LIFE?!this is so awkward
let me just go hide in a hole, yah?gpoy
this is my life
Boulder was a lot of fun today. it was much better than being stuck at school all day. i got a little bit sunburnt though, and we got super lost wondering around the CU campus lol. hi new followers, i’ve gotten like 35 of you since last night. talk to meee.goodnight
i have to get up super early and drive to Boulder ):at least i don’t have to go to school i guess….also, hi new followers you all should talk to meyeah its so satisfying lol
filmyz replied to your post: (: 
oh do you :)
PFFFFT what? no.i secretly love it when jeff reblogs all my shit
(:why am i so bad at school?gpoy
my cat
this has been a post
from under the table
what am i doing? just sitting under the kitchen table tumbling with my kitty.WHAT ARE YOU DOING?this has been a post
12 years ago today my moms best friend was shot and killed at Columbine. i’ll never forget that day and the horror in her eyes when she found out. it was awful and i honestly couldn’t even wrap my head around it. on a lighter note, someone also tried to blow up the mall todaythis has been a post
i went for a 6 mile run after tennis and it was glorious. i feel so refreshed. school was rather nice today because people were busy being high at the capital instead of in all my classes. we are have having pizza for dinner yaaaaaaaaaaaay. today is good. minus all the things i have to do tonight ):no i don't think it is
colorado
CO
weed
is a kush expo necessary?my life is school and no sleeping
i just spent the last three hours at my friend’s house trying to figure out how to build a capsule thing to hold an egg so that when dropped out of an 8 story window it wouldn’t break and it was so hard. 10:30 is the perfect time to start all my other homework :|i’m so stressed out. i have so much to do tonight and so little time to do it in. i feel like i might pass out at anytime from extreme exhaustion. i’m going to go for a run, because that will make me less tired? fucklogicorwhatever.dear lord please help this be an accurate prediction for the weather this week.i cannot handle my tennis coach anymore.  
ps how does the sun rain…?why the fuck did i stay up all night
afd;kdgjhf
feelin like a zombie blog 2k11
i fell asleep in my American History class.then i got awkwardly asked to class right when the bell rang/i woke up.why is my life so terribly awkward.why the hell am i still awake?life
gpoy
uhg i am sort of really upset about this because i’m so sleepy uhgadfj;jfd;gfrunyoudown replied to your post: jamming to some zeds dead like a boss 
Fuck off Dubstep is amazing..so Zeds Dead :)
HAHAHAHA THATS SO FUNNY! dubstep being amazing…. maybe it was amazing like a year ago before every single song became complete shit/everyone i know thought they were hardcore for listening to it.i'm probably dying
what is my life coming to?i am willingly listening to dubstep.this is my favorite kind of weather
i opened all my windows so my room smells like rainLEAVE ME THINGS IN MY ASK!!!! (:
WHY THE HELL DO I HAVE TO GO TO SCHOOL WITH THE DUMBEST PEOPLE ON THE FACE OF THE EARTH OMG I COULD KILL THEM.on a happier note, i’m almost done with the research part of my paperi am genuinely happy about that. plus i didn’t get on tumblr for like an entire four hours.i’m probably growing up :3i tripped down the last 7 and i probably injured my head so bad that i will eventually forget to write my paper. DAMNIT!filmyz replied to your post: filmyz replied to your post: filmyz replied to… 
i know right?!
I AM IN DISBELIEF! you are crazy. crazy crazy crazy. ps therearealltheseanonsinmyaskboxtalkingtomeaboutyouanditsstrangeandidontknowwhytheyaredoingit 
 filmyz replied to your post: filmyz replied to your post: filmyz replied to… 
btw get back to work :)
BTW i never started working so there isn’t anything to “get back” to thank you very much.filmyz replied to your post: filmyz replied to your post: today maybe you…
it was just a rumor that you are able to sign out of tumblr

that is MADNESS!!!!filmyz replied to your post: today 
maybe you should sign out ;) oh wait nobody ever leaves tumblr
WHOA WHOA WHOA, what is this “signing out” you speak of?!GPOY
im so not exciting to write this thing
i was minding my own business and our garage door attacked me and put a hole in one of my favorite hoodies. i thought i was going to die.i have to work on my research paper now.i’d say goodbye but i know tumblr has a way of distracting me.i am such a slacker.i didn’t go to school today.i told my mom i’d do homework all day & probably clean my room.instead i fell asleep.kjdsfklghdls;’al i need motivationhaters gonna hate
why the hell am i still awake oh my gosh my eyes are going to fall out of my face but i’m too lazy to go take out my contacts so they are most definitely going to fall out of my face and my legs are asleep and my bed will probably catch on fire because my lappy is like a zillion degrees and fadlksjflkdjgsk someone come save me or maybe a hot firefighter will come rescue me why am i allowed on the internet at 3:30 in the morning ohmygod where is all the punctuationan orange kitten
a black kitten
an endless supply of pizza
an endless supply of kittens
maybe a pony
i am really not a hard person to please…this has been a post
i’ve been researching for a whole 7 minutes and i’m already bored. 
 ASK ME THINGSgpoy
my excited? face
i’ve got a shit ton of research to do tonight about genetically modified food.IM SO EXCITED!and he’s playing Pokemon but everytime he says Pokemon he says it like Pokeman and its hilarious. what is my life?aliveandlost replied to your post:  aliveandlost replied to your post: Post a picture… 
LOL. of course I am being sarcastic, it’s just the most awkward pose, that’s why I laughed. :) especially since most girls are so lame about that shit, they MUST pose perfectly, otherwise they would never show it to anyone.
thank god lol WELL HOW ELSE DO YOU EAT PIZZA? its not awkward in real life but its awkward when anon wants pictures of me lol. plus maybe if i post weird pictures of myself anon will never bother me for pictures again. buuut yeah, i’m not one of those girls that is like OMG I LOOK SO GROSS IN THAT PICTURE I MUST BLOW UP THE EARTH SO THAT NO ONE CAN SEE IT EVER!aliveandlost replied to your post: Post a picture of what you’re doing right now. 
awmagawd, so sexy bb! the way you strike that pose, just phenomenal!
isincerelyhopeyourekiddingorbeingsarcasticbecauseiamgrossinthatpicture…aliveandlost replied to your post:  aliveandlost replied to your post: things i love… 
you seem cooler than the bee’s knees, man! I just don’t say anything because you’re a girl on tumblr and i’m a guy, I didn’t want to imply I want your boobs, lol. I love reading your mindless rants, it usually happens when I get off of work, :D!!!
HAHAHAHAHAHA oh my goodness i would never just assume that you “wanted my boobs” i am literally dying right now omg that was so funny. you’s a funny guy. but i’m glad you enjoy them (:aliveandlost replied to your post: things i love about my job: 
I love reading your shit, lol. You make me laugh easily, you’re a trip ;D
haha thanks. i’m glad someone appreciates my mindless ramblings about my life.filmyz replied to your post: filmyz replied to your post: oh yeah. Maybe you… 
dawwwwwwwwwwwwwww C: and maybe you’re my favourite person on tumblr aswell :)
aw that makes all my fangirl-ing seem worth it hahahaI JUST REALIZED HOW YOU SPELLED FAVORITE. you are so foreign (;this is my life
answering the phone “Granny Scott’s Pie Shop, this is Mia” and having the person on the other line say “DO YOU HAVE PIE THERE?!” :| no we don’t have pie we just like to trick people. 
Having articles in the newspaper talking about how great our pie is so every single person in the state of Colorado comes to have pie.
not getting off till 9:45 when i’m supposed to leave around 8:30
how my bosses hover over me and micro manage
ITS THE BEST JOB EVER!!!filmyz replied to your post: oh yeah. 
Maybe you should check my tumblr page ;)
maybe you are just my favorite person on all of tumblr Jeff (:*has a typical fan girl moment for you* loli got this shirt for freeeee

NOW I AM GOING TO WORK.BY THE WAY I GOT A CRAP TON OF NEW FOLLOWERS SINCE YESTERDAY AND I HAVE NO IDEA WHY BUT HI GUYS IM MIA AND I USUALLY DONT YELL THIS MUCH.jmrose10 replied to your post: laaaaast night was super. 
You went to RISE AGAINST! I official am so unbelievably jealous!
YEEEEAUH! it was awesome. i could probably marry Tim McIIrath and be completely content with my life. IT WAS SUCH A GOOD TIME! they are here tonight too. just go down to The Fillmore and sneak in, you’re not working tonight lolthis has been a post about last night
Four Year Strong was not the correct band to open for Bad Religion and Rise Against.i almost got in a fight with this really annoying sweaty girl in front of me.IT WAS SO EXCITING! um yeah, i also met a nice guy with a neck tattoo who spilled his beer on me. anyways, last night was good. Rise Against was good. Bad Religion was good. Four Year Strong just made my head hurt.filmyz replied to your post: today i went to the store with my sister and this… 
awwwwh shes adorable c:
i know! it runs in the family (; hahahagpoy
sister edition
today i went to the store with my sister and this old woman yelled at me for being a bad mom. i love that people just assume that she is my kid. its awesome.aliveandlost replied to your post: oh. 
“rejecting people is just awesome :|” I seriously hope you meant that in a joking kind of way.
of course i’m kidding. i feel really bad and alllll that jazz.what is my life
rejecting people is just awesome :|especially when its someone you have to interact with every single dayi love being all awkwardly and shit. ZEBRAHEAD IS KEEPING ME SANE RIGHT NOWi love any excuse to use this giffilmyz replied to your post: filmyz replied to your post: filmyz replied to… 
gahhhh I hate when they teachers say stuff like that. I know so many people that are way more talented then their teachers. Sometimes it would be nice if people were more humble
seriously. i feel like art is not something that can be taught which means you just have to have skill to do it. having a degree in it means nothing i think.filmyz replied to your post: filmyz replied to your post: filmyz replied to… 
I can’t believe you didn’t take her head off, I would have gone bonkers. And yes bonkers is a good word for how crazy I would have gone
lol i feel like that class has given me a reason to be put in an anger management class. i yelled at her after school one day and told her she had no right to do what she did and she was like “mia please, i have a degree in this and you are only a highschool student. i know what i’m doing” and i was like FFFFFFUUUUUUUUU lol. i was definitely going bonkers in my head though.filmyz replied to your post: filmyz replied to your post:  filmyz replied to… 
SHE ALTERED YOUR ART V____________V
YEAH! the resemblance of my face when i saw that she had done it and that smiley is UNCANNY. but yeah she did. and it completely ruined the drawing. JFDSHKJGDSHJKGDSfilmyz replied to your post:  filmyz replied to your post: okay awesome… 
I feel bad for you :( I’ve had my art lost/stolen in my class before so I know how you feel
its super frustrating. i just feel like its not even worth it to spend time on things in my art class because my teacher either 1. loses them 2. completely changes the entire composition of the piece without telling me or 3. just hates it. nothing pleases her. I WANT TO PUNCH HER IN THE FACE DAILY. one time she took one of my pieces for an art show and the person in the drawing was wearing a green coat and she recolored over the green so that the coat was purple without even asking me or anything. it was super annoying. this is really long, sorry.  i’m just ranting hahafilmyz replied to your post: okay awesome 
Wow…….. I’d be flipping shit on her -__-
i literally almost cried and she was like seriously Mia i don’t even understand why you are making a big deal out of this and i was just like oh right, obviously i didn’t spend any time on them at all and can use all of my FREE TIME to redo them. fuuuuuck that. she’s a bitch. omg im so angry.afjkl;dsglkfjhdhg
rage
my freakin art teacher lost 2 of my drawings at an art show and they were part of my portfolio and she was like “its not a HUGE deal you can just redo them” yeah i’d really love to redo drawings that took me weeks to perfect.because i'm awesome obviously.
i feel like i need to live in canadathis has been a post
ps my tennis uniform is super comfy and i wish i could wear it all the time
i feel as though my tumblr is going to become a Colorado landscape appreciation blog because i’ve stumbled upon the goldmine of photos (:
also, guess who was a total beast today at tennis? me. I HAVE SO MUCH HOMEWORK UHG. i just want to run away and live in the mountains and not be around people/have to deal with school/have responsibility.i have accumulated a lot of new followers today. some of you should talk to methis is my life
it fake snowed/was cold today & i thought “oh tennis will be cancelled and that will be so nice” but noooooooooo Colorado has to suck and melt all the fake snow/evaporate all the water so courts arent wet.i get upset about really lame things.oh welp
although i am spending the day doing homework so that sort of defeats the purpose of ditching…this has been a post
yep.i come home from tennis and my mother is listening to Miley Cyrus
 
sometimes i question how i am even related to this woman.there is too much pizza on my dash.i must eat pizza or die a slow painful death.THIS IS TOO MUCH TO HANDLE.i have a lot of reading to do
but tumblr is more exciting than reading about clones
gpoy
have a picture of my face. 
someone should entertain me…or talk to me….or something.probably because i just got my braces off whaaaaat
im awesome
gpoy
smiley smiley smileythis has been a post about my cats
and my rage
carry on with your days
so last night some bitch ass neighbor kids broke through our fence & were throwing rocks at my poor little kitties and one of my cats as a huge gash on his face and i am so angry that i could go and beat the crap out of these kids except for they are like 6 so that would be inappropriate but SERIOUSLYtalon replied to your post: asdfxghjkl 
Don’t lie. You are mostly whiny on tumblr. Or kitten-y. Which is okay. The whiny part at least, the kitten thing is if-y. You’re just a lot of y’s which is pretty decent…y.
talon is my favorite…y.you should telepathically send me information from the APUSH review session today since i can’t go ):I DONT EVEN KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS
needing to figure out all of the angles in an ambiguous triangle is completely irrelevant to every single human beings life.why am i being forced to do this?  i need to find a way to stick it to the man of math……mother just leave me alone
i am not perfect, nor will i ever be. stop trying to make me fit into your prissy little mold of “what a young woman should be like” because i aint fitting into that shit.okay i probably am but whatever.
gpoy
today was super longand i have a shit ton of math homework that i don’t understand to do.and i have a really weird/awful sunburn from tennis today but its only half my face because i was wearing sunglasses :|
 
but you can’t even see it in this picture so maybe tomorrow i’ll just tape this picture to my face so no one can see how stupid i look.UHGGGG but hi new followers, i’m not always a whiney bitch.teenage angst blog 2k11
i am not prepared to face school today.i don’t think i can handle the idiocy of people & the douche baggary that my tennis coach embodies.i need summer. or i need it to be may 11th so that my year is basically over KLJSDAJKLGDKJGFKGDJLKASDLKJGDLSJGthis has been a post.gpoy
uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh….hi 7 new followers in the last 15 minutes.that is strange, anyways i am mia and i never whore my face this much.this is the last one for tonight because i feel too vain & ick.leave me things riiiiight heregpoy
eeeeep my friends are beautifulgpoy
there is an ask in my box for my icon. BOOM.gpoy
i cannot fall asleepso instead i’m going to whore pictures of my face till i do. 
what unfortunate luck for all of you.legit
click it
OH MY GOODNESS I AM DYING OF BOREDOM BUT THIS IS SO EXCITING!!!
for real.UHG my brain hurts from reading this
happiness
thoughts
general wonderment
i just read this in an academic essay for my english class. if this is true, it explains why i’m not happy very often.what is life
life is homework
this is my planner for school.this is all of my homework that i was supposed to get done this weekend.this is all of the homework i’m going to stay up all night doing. 
on the bright side, there are only 37 school days left of this year.thisisnotandrew replied to your post: thisisnotandrew replied to… 
the nectar of the gods lol seriously though, i’m gonna need some motivation if i’m gonna pull through with this. yeah! green tea is the best! :3
haha seriously it is the nectar of the gods. in heaven they have fountains and rivers and oceans of dr pepper. read the bible man! UMMM i only drink earl gray & tea like that because i like to pretend i’m british sometimes.thisisnotandrew replied to your post: thisisnotandrew replied to… 
I can make due with Dr. Pepper :D but at the moment I’m trying to cut all sugary drinks out of my diet, and ONLY drink water/tea. Will I succeed? Maybe. Will it be hard? Oh most definitely. I live off root beer so this will be a challenge
i applaud you. i literally would hook up an IV of dr pepper to myself if i could. its the nectar of the gods or something like that. tea is good too though. mmmmm i think i’m going to go make some.thisisnotandrew replied to your post: thisisnotandrew replied to your post: I’d be so… 
:) This sounds like a sweet deal to me, minus the selling of your soul. I think I’ll just stick with you and the pizza heh.
well that is very kind of you! i’m not too keen on alcohol though so do you have any dr pepper because i sustain myself on dr pepper.thisisnotandrew replied to your post: I’d be so down to make you some pizza :) 
Alright, I’ll be right over in a jiff! OR you can come here! So, if I make you pizza, will you love me?
i will love you forever. i’ll probably even sell you my soul for pizza like that.just got back from a lovely day snowboarding.the snow was nice, there weren’t a lot of people.it was colder than i expected it to be though.
alalalalala GOOD DAY now i have to do homework ):this has been a post about snowboarding
i’m currently sitting on a chairlift ready to shred some powder.AND LIKE NO ONE IS UP HERE.this is fantastic.i love Colorado.my cat won’t stop licking my arm & its super gross....this has been a post
so everyday at school i see this kid who looks exactly like Justin Bieber in the hall and i just saw a picture of a kid who looks exactly like school kid/JB on my dash & i was like OH THATS WEIRD so i clicked on his blog and i’ve been following this kid who looks like Justin Bieber that goes to my school for forever and i didn’t even realize it.i feel sort of like a creeper.i also suck at going to bed…
someone should talk to me on some form of instant messaging or whatever you kids are calling it these days.thisisnotandrew replied to your post: thisisnotandrew replied to… 
I was!!! I don’t know what happened, must’ve been all the winds causing these allergies :/ hahaha yeah i took some benadryll :) I know right? that’s how i roll babe. who knew girls were into this sorta thing!
ick that sucks. i don’t have allergies because i’m a superior being obvs. benadryll makes me sleeeeepy. oh i’m definitely into that sort of thing. bring on the runny noses loli have read 75 pages in my history textbook today & done 58 test corrections.school is kicking my ass and i just can’t afford that so close to the end of the year.
i am going up to Breck tomorrow to snowboard and i’m so excited.i wish Buttermilk was still open though because that is my favorite.i’m getting off tumblr because there is some serious drama happening on my dash that i just don’t care about so feel free to talk to me on aim (woreapaperface) or skype (miarengel) GOODNIGHT TUMBLR. this was a long ass post. i’m impressed if anyone read it because it was really pointless.because i'm awesome.
hi new followers (:
i’m Mia, you all should talk to me.gpoy
with a Hitler stache
and i came across a gum wrapper that i drew on when i was reading about WWII
lol i do the weirdest things when i don’t want to do homework anymore…this is sort of an odd request....
i’m making this a read more because it creeps me out to just have eyes on my dash 
i believe there was no editing except for the contrast.fsajkldfsdfgshj;fd
someone explain this to me
i’ve gotten like 10 new followers today & they’ve all linked back to this… 
i just don’t understand….my life is so unbelievably boring
take a shower/do my hair/make myself look presentable
go do homework somewhere that is not my house
maybe go shopping with Tiana for a prom dress (HA like i’m going to prom)
go out to dinner with my parents
come home and do more homework
probably not sleep
i should get paid for doing homework.teenage angst blog 2k11
just skip over this
i'm so angry
i woke up at 5 this morning & just laid in my bed till 6:56 when i had to leave for school.
precalc: i hate math. my teacher just droned on and on about the easiest problems in the world that i could have taught myself how to do at homeAP us history: we watched a video about the end of WW2 & the cold war & that was actually really interestingphysics: did absolutely nothing. i finished the book work that was homework in the first 5 minutes of class & just sat there for the rest of the periodAP studio art: today was a critique but i haven’t been working on anything because i’ve been getting a bunch of my work ready for this big art show & my teacher literally yelled at me for a good 15 minutes about how much of a slacker i am for not working on anything over spring break & for putting my other AP classes before that one.fifth/lunch: i tried to do homework during first lunch because i was going to get chinese with Tiana but then idiot girl decided to ask me all these questions about why my friend Kevin dumped his girlfriend and i can’t actually say anything about why he broke up with her because its all my fault & i just feel like an awful person & then i had chinese with Tiana & that was good.yearbook: nothing. i don’t even know why i go to this class.AP lang: we pretty much did nothing. i picked my research paper topic which i easily could have done at home.theeeen i had to go to tennis & work my ass off to keep my spot on varsity & then my bitch ass coach just gave it away anyways. so now i have to be on JV for the rest of the season and i am so mad that i just feel like having a temper tantrum.mostly just tennis ruined my day today. I SHOULD HAVE STAYED HOME TODAY.i’m a sucker for this classical stuff.someone teach me to play cellowhat is life
i’ve got a practice AP Lang test to take. its going to take 3 hours…i should have started earlier.  
the brightness on my lappy is being all funky also, and that is really annoying.i am kind of upset at this situation
because all time low is just the worst ever
i really hate that my Rivers Cuomo tracked tag is contaminated with All Time Low shit.oh Rivers, why did you do this to us?!well this has been a post
my tennis coach is a dick.i have no car.i want to leave this house, but instead i’ll just lock myself in my room all night and do homework.yeah that sounds good.rant
teenage angst blog 2k11
JUST SKIP OVER THIS
okay cool.
i understand that we are family & that her car is broken, but i use my car. it is my car. i pay for gas and insurance and maintenance.  you can’t just volunteer me to lend her my car when i have things to do and places to go. obviously her getting to Starbucks is more important than me getting to school but whatever…
and don’t even try to say “oh take the Subaru to school” because i can’t drive a stick to save my life. and then you complain that you have to get up early and take me to school but you wouldn’t have to if you wouldn’t just give my car away. i’m glad i’m not getting it back till May either, that is just AWESOME. really, i just love that she is incapable of buying a new car until then. it makes my life so easy.gpoy
my eyes are rejecting my contacts.i think i am allergic to them.it wouldn’t be so bad if i didn’t hate wearing glasses so much.this has been a post
my eyes are super bloodshot and they hurt really bad and i think they might fall out of my face if i don’t go to sleep right now.so i’m going to sleep right now.this is the earliest i’ve gone to sleep since like 6th grade.SOWEIRD.k, leave me shit in my ask or something.tired is a bad look for me
today might have been the longest day of my life.i have so much homework to do.i am extremely tired.i will probably not sleep tonight.awesome.oh american history
how i love you
Poland is a hot commodity & everybody wants it or some shit
Russia sucks
Russia sucks a lot
Russia sucks more than anywhere else
Russia should be sent to live on another planet.
America gets involved in everybody’s business
communists are bad
communists are scary
communism should die
ah, education at its finest.talon replied to your post: i let this bitch borrow my snowboard this weekend… 
Kill.
i am working on it. believe me.lol what is my life
i bought some Sharpie Pens yesterday & i thought they were black and now i am doing homework and i thought OH I WILL USE MY NICE NEW SHARPIE PEN! & its blue. 
i am sort of upset at this. i feel like i was scammed into buying them. sort of.i let this bitch borrow my snowboard this weekend and she brought it back to me today with all these scratches & a huge chunk of it missing.
i am pissed.my baby is blemished.ASDJGSDJLHRSJKLFgo pick up the Jeep from the freaking dealership
have Panera for lunch mmm
skim over 20 pages in my history textbook so i’m not completely lost on the test tomorrow
do 172 quiz corrections for history. 
die from all the quiz corrections
hopefully be done with all of this by 3 because i have tennis practice
be a pro tennis star at practice
Wahoo’s for dinner :D!!!!! i love that place.
go to bed early because i am getting a cold FROM ALL THAT DAMN WALKING AROUND IN SNOW YESTERDAY! ):< 
I CANT BELIEVE I FORGOT THIS: go to Borders to get really cheap books because i love books <3
i am an exciting person.
probably.WHAT IS THIS WHY DOES THIS EXISTHOW DID IT GET HEREI AM PROBABLY GOING TO DIE.peter pan
why is this all of a sudden a big deal?
OH COOL he works at Disneyland
get over it
its like people on tumblr have never seen anyone attractive before.what is my life
and i found a bag of Mountain Dew…. 
why the hell do i even HAVE this stuff?fajfd;jgfk;h
this has been a post
shit
shit
shit
shit
shit
shit
homework for like a million hours with Tiana & Mae
have dinner with Tiana & Mae & pretend we are in the Renaissance
DEFEND THE CITY!!! 
dress up like an Indian with Tiana & Mae & walk around & take super hipster photos
troll omegle all night with Tiana
SHIT WEATHER
AND FINALLY, i just watched my brother discover he has hands. he is mesmorized. so cute. 
this is it for today on the really lame posts about my life that no one cares about. kbye.filmyz replied to your post: okay ColoradoWe just had that happen last week, everything has finally melted. I’m so sick of the snow

I LOVE SNOW! it hasn’t snowed since January which is complete bullshit because that is all Colorado is good for. plus, its baseball season now so its only supposed to be sunny lol


thisisnotandrew replied to your post: okay ColoradoDat face. Looks like you’re gonna murder someone :O Also, try to stay warm haha. Pneumonia is no fun if you get it.

lol dat face is what evil looks like. not really, i have a better face for that. SERIOUSLY my jeans are soaking wet & my Vans are full of water & uhg. i just might die. my trusty Northface kept my core nice & toasty though so at least i’m unevenly frozen lolthis might be the suckiest post ever
it better keep snowing so that i don’t have tennis on Tuesday.that’s all.

i need to do homework.this weekend has been fun.i have cool friends. leave me stuff or something.stupid colorado
BUT SNOW IS PRETTY SO ITS OKAY
gpoy
what the hell?!IT HASNT SNOWED IN 4 MONTHS but its snowing right now.when i’m supposed to be eating a hotdog & watching the Rockies kick ass.how convenient.
i am upset.also, walking around downtown when its pouring rain/snow is NOT fun.i am cold.gpoy
its awfully nice out today.that’s all. its just nice out.i want to be your girlfriend but if that jeopardizes what is already there, i will settle for best friend.i don’t think you thought this through.here comes a feeling you thought you'd forgotten
this is my jam
years go by and hearts start to hardenthose palms and firs that grew in your gardenare falling down and nearing the rose bedsthose roots are shooting up through the tool shedthose lips and teeth that asked how my day wentare shouting up through cracks in the pavementfilmyz replied to your post:  filmyz replied to your post: filmyz replied to…I do my best c: and you are’nt weird at all!

OHGOOD! i just appreciate nice things. we’ll stick to that hahawe used to be best friends, and now i’m lucky if we speak once a month.i’m sorry for whatever i did, i just need you in my life again.this stuff is double bad
oh god
…..my ears are bleeding AND have STDs now. awesome.just sayinthis is freaking stupid
ps 1000 bucks off 35000 tuition is NOTHING
do they award the Abercrombie & Fitch Scholar Award to someone who can easily shop in a dark, claustrophobic, smelly room and then hardly wear clothes on the beach. I DONT UNDERSTAND. DO I EVEN NEED A BRAIN TO GO TO COLLEGE?no more 11% for you Jeff
today i feel less creepy.i did not birth this child
so don't assume i am his mother
gpoy
and he is the cutest.sfdklfdjklfa
sometimes i post things and i wonder why i post them
loooooong day ahead.its so lucky that i went to bed so late last night.gosh i’ll probably die today.leave me things in my ask box or something. yeah.this has been a post
leave me stuff in my ask
people’s ignorance never ceases to amaze me.i can’t even believe you said those things to me.i need to write like 3 essays tonight.i better get crackin.